A friend will ask you for help, but you should turn them down, silently, with a sad little shake of your head.  When they ask what's wrong, sigh deeply, and mutter "nothing, it's nothing."
Today you will overhear people talking about you, and realize that you're an incredible bore who nobody likes.  Go to the library and ask the librarian for advice.
An old flame will call today, and invite you to lunch.  It's actually a trick to try to get you involved with AmWay.  Also, check page 5 of the newspaper for something you've been waiting for.
Today you will be overcome by a desire to learn a new skill, probably knitting.  Resist it.  You will read something about power tools, in a magazine with a blue cover, which will change your life.
Today you will make new friends, one of whom will eventually borrow a large sum of money from you, prior to skipping town.  Try to avoid fatty foods.
Today you will get one of those pimples that just suddenly appears, and you will only notice it when you glance in the mirror after a very important meeting.
Seek out new life, and new civilizations, today.  Boldly go where no-one has gone before (just don't get caught).
You will have a grilled cheese sandwich and tomato soup for lunch, and will receive a phone call from a man named "Sven", but who tells you his name is something else.  Don't believe him for a second.  He will be very impressed that you knew his actual name.
You will call someone today, who will insist on calling you "Sven." Humor them -- act impressed.
What ever you do today, don't panic.  Remember to bring a towel.  Government bureaucracy figures heavily in your life, soon.
You will decide that you like the name "Sven" better than your own, and you begin encouraging people to call you that.  Eventually, you will have your name legally changed.
You didn't sleep well, last night.  You won't sleep well, tonight.  In fact, chances are very good that you'll be tired and cranky for the rest of your life.  Try to think of this as an opportunity to grow, spiritually.
Today you will buy a package of those birthday-party confetti-blaster thingies, and will rig booby traps for several of your friends.  One of them will die of a heart-attack, due to the surprise, and you'll be plagued with horrible undying guilt for the rest of your life.  Plus, you will run out of toothpaste, today.
Today the universe will stop expanding, and start contracting.  You will be the only one who notices.  Also, you will develop a strange desire to wear golf shoes.
You will have left-over lasagna for lunch.  This is odd, because you don't remember the lasagna being made in the first place.  Just one of those little mysteries that haunts you in life.
Today you will wake up with a nasty crick in your neck, combined with a periodic twinge in your back.  Everyone who sees you will be left with the impression that you are being either aloof or spastic (or both).  Also, you will spill soup on your best shirt.
You will go on a boat ride, and a deranged bunny will swim towards you in a threatening manner.  Unfortunately, this episode will be caught on videotape by a tourist, and your dreams of a political career will be forever dashed.
Secret society day, today.  Don't join -- no matter how much you like the secret handshake.  Also, good day to swear off pickles.
Two people near you will engage in sudden, violent, rubber-band warfare.  You will be caught in a crossfire, and severely thwapped.  Next time, consider wearing protective headgear indoors.
Today you will dredge something up from the collective unconscious, but after a moment's reflection, you will toss it back.  Also, you will make an embarrassing sound in mixed company.
Today will be a complete waste of time.  You will at least learn to spell "equaminity."..er..."equanimbity"...no...hmmm.  You will learn to spell a word like that, today.
Today you will use the phrase "hep-cat daddy-o" one too many times, and your friends will tie you to a chair, and gag you.
Arachnids will be especially troublesome today.  Chances are only fair that you will make it through the day without tangling with one or more giant Amazonian tarantulas.  Keep a stick within reach, is my advice.  A <i>big</i> stick.
You will spend most of the day attempting to tie knots in a piece of cord, using only your toes.  You will be unable to say why, but this will seem like a useful skill to you, at the time.
Today you will discover a hair growing in an odd place.  Don't worry about it, unless the odd place is your eye.
A tomato features in todays cuisine.  Sadly, that's going to be your pinacle of excitement for today.
An odd smell, probably like that of chocolate milk drying on a linoleum floor, will bring back a flood of childhood memories.  You will remember your locker combination from seventh grade, for example.  Ironically, this will happen during a boring yet important meeting, and you will disgrace yourself by calling someone "booger-face."
Today you will realize that you've always wanted to have the biggest ball of string in town, and will start collecting odd bits of string at every opportunity.  Eventually, you will make it into the <i>Guiness Book of World Records</i>, right next to the <b>Giant Happy Tape Ball</b> record set by Mr.  S.  Boondoggle.
A huge red balloon will float by you, today, being pursued by a small person of the French persuasion, and a film crew.  If you wish to cause cross-cultural mirth, cross your eyes, talk in a high pitched voice, and whack yourself in the head with a baguette.  Otherwise, don't.
A relative will be seriously injured today, when a man dressed as a huge shrimp abandons his post at the opening of a seafood restaurant, steals an experimental hovercraft, and crashes it into your relative's motor vehicle.  The worst part is, the insurance company will refuse to pay a cent.
Strange things continue to happen.  Today you will put on a long-sleeved shirt, only to discover that the sleeves now extend past your fingertips.  You didn't say anything inappropriate to an elderly British gentleman with strange green eyes, recently?  Let's <i>hope</i> not.
Beware of men on stilts, today.  (I'm sorry, but professional ethics prevent me from revealing more.  You'll understand, though, when the "situation" occurs.)
Today, by practicing for hours in the mirror, you will finally be able to keep a "stiff upper lip." Much to everyone's surprise, it will prove to be an excellent boost to your career.
You will be attacked and beaten by a group of Nuns.  When a baffled pair of mounted urban police drag them off you, they will refuse to say why they were attacking you, and will sulk.
In a stroke of pure marketing genious, you will start a company to sell fresh-roasted peanut butter door-to-door.  Your sales people may find the peanut costumes a bit uncomfortable, at first, however.
Today you will meet Klive Dinky, the proprietor of <i>Klive Dinky's Tropical Dream Vacation, and Spa Salon</i>.  He will turn out to be much shorter than you ever imagined.
You will be harassed by cats today.  Hungry, irritable cats.
It's time to seriously consider indoor golf.  How else are you going to use terms like "mashee" or "niblick" in casual conversation?
You will watch a lot of TV today.  But that's ok, if that's really what you want.
Noodle day #2!  "The Revenge Of The Noodle." Today you will learn to make a really killer recipe for szechuan noodles, which will contain both chili-garlic paste and whole peanuts.
Today you will find a small speckled egg, shimmering a little, in the fireplace.  If you keep it warm in a 350 degree oven for 3 weeks, it will hatch into a small dragon, and then eat you.
A huge spacecraft will hover over your dwelling structure today, and secretly analyze you down to the last parasitic microbe in your epidermal layers.  They will be on the point of making contact with humans, and offering us technology to cure all illness, let us live indefinately while looking like healthy 20-year-olds, and give us the ability to travel interstellar distances in an eyeblink...when they spot you making something with SPAM.  After a bit of horrified bleeping at each other, they will zoom off, never to return.
Try to be logical, today.  It's your only hope.  (Which is considerably better than it would be if your "only hope" was some old geezer on the desert planet Falderol and you had to send a robot shaped like an underarm roller-type deodorant off to find him.  But not as fun.)
Your butler will quit, today, in a tiff.  Since you can only view gif and jpeg, though, it will be quite some time before you realize that.
Today old Monty Python skits will keep running, unbidden, through your mind.  The only cure will be to be to drink a glass of a fine Australian wine, which has a bouquet like an aborigine's armpit.
A man with a large nose will attack you with a sword today, while composing free verse in archaic French.  Luckily, he'll get stuck trying to come up with a word that rhymes with "l'orange", and you'll have time to slip out the back way.
A hexapod robot will run away from its laboratory today, change its name to "Bob", and take up residence with you.  Eventually, you'll become best friends.
Your feet will continue to trouble you today, although you won't be quite able to put your finger on what's wrong.  You haven't been that flexible in <i>years</i>.
Your butler will return to work today, and pretend as if nothing had happened.  It's time for you to compromise, and give up those new argyles.  It's for the best, in the long run.
You'll accidentally eat one of those fried szechuan chili peppers today, and it will bring tears to your eyes.  This will strike you as odd, given that you will be eating a ham sandwich at the time.
You will narrowly avoid a collision on the sidewalk today, as a small giggling person runs past you, being hotly pursued by a weeping incoherent person waving a ham sandwich.  Aside from that, a pretty typical day.
An elderly gentleman next to you on the bus will spontaneously combust, today, and you'll become an instant celebrity when you put him out with a Slurpee (tm).  Eventually, they'll make a prime-time TV drama about the incident.
Good day to buy a stereo microscope, and examine that stuff under your toenail.  Well, as good a day as any.
Would you just <i>Stop</i>?  Nobody else feels the need to dance around like that...
More fun with twine, today.  Isn't it <i>great</i>!?
Three kings from arid countries will wander by, leading their horses, and apparently searching for something.  This will seem innocuous at first, but later, you'll start to worry.
Don't do that.  Your face could get stuck that way.  Oh, I'm sorry.  I hadn't realised it already did...
Today you'll develop a rare mental disorder, causing you to mix metaphors.  But don't you worry -- you can't make an omlette without a silver lining, and in this case, you'll discover that everyone will confuse mixed metaphors with management potential.  BIG promotion in store.
Today will be the <i>best</i> day of your life, if you can just remember ...  er ...  now what <i>was</i> that?  Hmmm.  If you can just remember something really important.  Otherwise, no.  Hmmm.
Your mind will go blank today.  You won't mind -- it'll be a refreshing change from the raging torrents of thoughts that have been pouring through you lately.  Plus, you'll get to stretch out in a sunbeam and take a nice nap.
I'm sorry, I'm not allowed to argue any more, unless you've paid.
You will go to a Chinese restaurant and decide to try something new.  Don't do it!  It's not as good as your favorite.
A project you started a while ago takes on nightmarish proportions, today, as you realize that you've been suckered into a hideous task.  Fortunately, you will be able to get out of it by feigning death.
An older friend will avoid you today.  Have you considered using any of the vast number of breath-freshening products that are available, these days?
You will discover a large deposit of gold, when you're out on a stroll.  Unfortunately, wealth will not make you happy.
You will be on your way downtown today, when you will be struck by an odd thought.  Fortunately it will bounce harmlessly off you.
An eldrich fiend will hover at the edge of your sight, tonight, as you look out your window.  Not a particularly good day for a midnight stroll.
Today you will find the word "impecunious" popping unbidden into your mind, at regular intervals.  Eventually, you'll go look it up in the dictionary.
Due to your supreme skill at an obscure video game, you will be abducted by aliens, and asked to save their race from anihilation at the hands (roughly speaking) of evil creatures from between the stars.
You will find a many-legged creature under the fridge.  Unfortunately, it will be the size of a small horse, and actually will be making off with the fridge, when you spot it.  My advice?  Let him have it.
Slow day today.  Surprisingly, it will be due to a time/space anomaly caused by a localized anti-tachyon surge, and will mainly occur in your neighborhood.  Time-flow should return to normal soon.
You will develop a severe craving for peanut butter cookies, today.  You know -- the fresh homemade kind, that you squish down on the cookie sheet with a fork, making a cross-hatched pattern?  They are incredibly yummy when they're still warm, like that, huh?  I don't know where your craving will come from.  Possibly something you read.
Today you will uncover astonishing proof that the dinosaurs died out due to a retrovirus contagion.  Furthermore, you will find evidence of a government cover-up of research that indicates the same thing is likely to happen to humans.  Don't worry, though.
You will be sucked into a multi-level marketing organization today, and will lose all your friends, along with your self-respect.  Later, though, you'll realize that your new friends are much better than those <i>old</i> friends, and that you feel like you're part of a big "family." Or at least, that's what you'll say.
Good day to buy lava lamps at garage sales.  Once in a life-time opportunity.  Also, if you happen to spot a white 100% polyester leisure suit with bell-bottom pants and a really large lapel, buy it on the spot.  I know *I* would love to have one.
Your relatives may try to have you committed, today.  Luckily, through a series of amusing misadventures, they will fail.  You and your large invisible friend will simply shrug it off, of course, since it's not in your disposition to hold a grudge.
You will discover that you can raise one eyebrow by itself, but not the other.  This will aggravate you, and you'll spend the majority of the day in front of the bathroom mirror, trying to correct the situation.
I see you making a special trip to the store today, to get something.  It's in a sort of yellow-ish little box, about the size of a toothpaste box, I think.  It's "prep-something"?  Ah!  "Preparation"-something, I think.  Oh.  Ahem.  Anyway, if it's any consolation, I hear that Jet Fighter pilots have that problem much worse than most people.  All that acceleration, you know.  Don't worry -- your secret is safe with me!
Stay home today, with the curtains drawn and the door locked.  Trust me on this one.
A man with a large machine will enter your house, and make you totally miserable.
Today you will realize that it's impossible to truly "control" anything, even yourself, and that the best you can hope for is to have some "influence" over yourself and your surroundings.  This will make you feel better, before the pink slip arrives.
You will tell a total stranger that you're "sick and tired of salad", today.  The stranger will recoil in shock and horror.
Nobody will notice your new haircut, which you will find intensely irritating.  It's not as if you <i>always</i> had an irridescent green mohawk, you know?
You will feel tired and run-down today.  This may possibly be because of the marathon you ran yesterday, and the taxi that ran into you near the finish line.  Just a guess.
Good day to review what you know about hamsters.  I think that's all I should really say, except possibly that it's often considered impolite to see how much food you can pack into your cheeks, when dining out.
You will be accosted today by several of those people who think only of themselves, and who believe that "sharing" is something that little kids have to do.  Despite this, I recommend against turning them over your knee and spanking them -- unless you think you can get away with it.
You will lurk, today.  There's nothing that wrong with lurking, after all, and it's occasionally somewhat refreshing.  In fact, you'll soon begin work on <i>How To Lurk</i>, a best-selling self-help book on the topic.
Good day to defy convention.  Be yourself.  Buy a fedora, for example, and wear it indoors.
Yogurt day today.  Did you know that some "natural remedies" books recommend squishing yogurt (the kind with active cultures) in your hair, to relieve dandruff?  You should give it a try.
You will sneak out tonight, with a box of navel oranges under your arm, and grinning an evil toothy grin.  When you wake up tomorrow, you will remember nothing about it.  That's just the way these things work.
You will be strangely drawn to an odd glass sculpture in an antique shop.  The proprietor will show it to you with some hesitation, and will be visibly perspiring when you buy it.  You'll hear an almost anguished sigh of relief from him, as you leave with it.
In a surprising twist, the failure of another large London-based bank will be blamed on you, today.  C'est la vie, non?
Musical inspiration will strike you today, and you'll invent some sort of new instrument that looks like a Hoover vacuum bag with a few bits of odd plumbing sticking out of it.  The good thing is, the instrument will rivet people's attention to such a degree that you can indulge your tendency towards cross-dressing without anyone noticing!
You will finally find your spirit guide today, and your life will take on new meaning.  Unfortunately for you, your spirit guide will turn out to have a sense of humor.
Nobody will understand you today, and it will be impossible to get the simplest idea across.  For example, even such a basic concept as "please untie me and take this gag out of my mouth" will only cause people to stare at you in confusion.
Once you're <i>that</i> far behind, there's really no way to get caught up.  You might as well do something fun instead.  You can tell them I told you it was ok.
After years of study in higher mathematics, and a fiendishly complicated topological proof, you will finally be able to prove that half a loaf is exactly 7.412 times better than no bread.
Your plans for a do-it-yourself replica medieval catapult will arrive today!  Soon, your neighbors will become nervous (but you can explain that their fears are groundless -- you couldn't possibly hit anything that close with it).
You will go on a potato binge today.  Baked, fried, scalloped, stuffed, mashed, whipped, and hash-browned.  Just stay away from the tater tots, for your own good.
You will casually mention the German term for "exit ramp", and bring a conversation to a rapid close.  That's hardly <i>your</i> fault, though, is it?
You will rest peacefully, and sink into a strange dream.  In the dream, you will be playing an odd version of soccer with huge clear balloons, and people will be cheering you on from the sidelines, who are dressed in white formal attire.  Don't go into the light, ok?  The extra point isn't worth it.
Good day to appreciate the beauty and wonder of life, and to see how far you can spit.  Other people may find that incongrous, but you'll see the inner truth, and it will set you free.
Go find something flat, and scribble on it.  People have been doing that for tens of thousands of years, and it's mostly been ok.
Today is the second-to-last day, of the 19th segment of your life.  Time to learn to appreciate tofu (bean curd).
Ooh!  Oh.  I should have warned you.  I'm sorry.
Boisterous day, today.  Try not to be much more irritating than is absolutely necessary.
Today you will break all the resolutions you made yesterday, and you will grin.
You will get together with several friends, and start an extremely exclusive club.  Mostly, this will just be so you can have your own secret handshake, of course.
Good day to excavate.  You will find the ruins of an ancient civilization, and become famous.
Good day to learn a new trick for dealing with people who come by your home to try to sell you something.  Open the door v..e..r..y slowly, and squint at them.  Then resume sharpening a large kitchen knife, while they are talking at you.
Today you will decide to have a bit of illicit fun, and will slip bits of dry pasta into other people's pockets, shoes, etc., when they're not looking.  My advice: don't get caught.
You will become unwittingly embroiled in a turf war between rival Chinese restaurants, today, as you step off the sidewalk to avoid a person wearing an extremely large hat.  Before the day is over, you'll find yourself angrily hurling potstickers at people you've never met.
Today is the day you will discover your larger cosmic destiny!  A television infomercial and an 800 number are somehow involved.
You'll have a freakish number of plumbing difficulties, today.  This is due in part to the age of your plumbing fixtures, but mostly it's because <i>Neckna, Queen of the Undines</i>, has taken a strong dislike towards you, due to some rather harsh words you've had to say about the weather lately.
The mythic asteroid Chaeron, in collaboration with the uneasy spirit of Atahualpa (the last Inca king), will act to produce a gastric upset of epic proportions, today.  Keep your chakras clear, and carry some Immodium.
You will begin an evil project, in secret.  You will be successful.  Although <i>why</i> you want to produce a cross between a St.  Bernard and a chihuahua is anybody's guess.
Today you will bolt up from your bed, grinning like a maniac, and shout "labor omnia vincit!" (the motto of Oklahoma) in ringing heroic tones.  This could be the start of something interesting...
Good day to discuss zoospores (motile usually naked and flagellated asexual spores, especially of an alga or lower fungus) with casual aquaintances.
You will decide to take up juggling, today, and will become exceedingly good at it.  Eventually, you'll start an offbeat new religion, and proclaim that Supreme Truth will be revealed to those who juggle.
You will find an alien artifact behind the cushion in the sofa.  Point the pointy end <i>away</i> from you, if you push the little bumpy thing.  Personally, I'd just leave it alone.
You will combine a therapeutic technique based on rapid eye movement with yoga postures, creating something that looks <i>so</i> silly, passers by will actually fall over laughing.
Ah ha!  You will <i>finally</i> have an opportunity to use the word "plumbaginous" in casual conversation today!  You will be discussing either bicycles or aircraft, at the time.
You will design a really wonderful new type of placemat, today, and it will make you fantastically wealthy, providing you get it on the market before your competitors.
Today you will have a lot of trouble with non sequiturs.  Pizza doesn't have to have cheese, you know.
You will be chased through the streets tonight by a group of wild-eyed short people wearing togas and playing kazoos.  Be careful -- they may have escaped from a birthday party, and should be considered armed and dangerous.
You would be ill-advised to try to shoot kidney beans out your nose, today.  (Yes, I know you were thinking of it.)
You will be intensely jealous of a rival today.  Finally, you will realise that it isn't doing you any good to be jealous, so you'll switch over to envy.
Through a casual remark in an elevator, you will realise that both you and your fellow passenger have seen John Cleese's informational film called <i>How To Irritate People</i>.  By the time you reach the 10th floor, you will both be severely vexed with one another.
You will invent a new sort of optical illusion today, involving 6 straight lines, an assortment of blobs, and a picture of an iguana.  Everyone will gasp in amazement.
Hug day, today.  Various people you know will come up and give you a hug, for no apparent reason.  You will find this moderatly embarrassing.
Excellent day to tell everyone you know that a "horsepower" is a unit of power equal to 746 watts in the U.S., but which is not quite equivalent to the English horsepower, which is 550 foot-pounds of work per second.  Once their eyes glaze over, you can borrow money from them without them even fully realizing it.
Your incisors will seem to be getting longer today, and you will find sunlight hurts your eyes.  Probably just a cold, and nothing to worry about.
In one of those amusing mix-ups that happen so frequently in modern life, a friend of yours will have mistaken your reference to "her suit" and thought you said "hirsute." Still, this may prove a little awkward.
Although you will attempt to thwart your obsession (tying things up with twine) by avoiding twine for the entire day today, it will continue to plague your thoughts.  In other words, you will not knot for naught.
Crisply salute everyone you meet today.  They'll all be startled into saluting back, and then they'll feel like idiots.  You should then smile charmingly at them, and saunter off.
Today you will receive an odd postcard from a long lost relative in Peru.  He will invite you to come explore an ancient Incan ruin which he has discovered.  Try not to be too impulsive -- a better offer will soon arrive from a an old highschool friend who is hiding out in a Burmese monastery.
Another excellent day to whittle.
Good day to get lots of water in plastic bottles, and shore up your other earthquake preparations.  Nothing to worry about, I'm sure.  Well, actually, maybe just a <i>little</i> to worry about.
Excellent day to dig a very big hole.  If you pile the dirt up around the sides, and make huge "paw prints" around it, you can have some fun by phoning a TV station and telling them about the gigantic gopher you saw.
Beware of partaking in Zoroastrian rituals, today.  Particularly if you're not entirely certain what's involved.
High winds today.  Good day to try out your new cement kite!
You will find solace, and it won't look at all like you expected.
Huge mutant gnats will pester you today.  Or at least, that's what it will seem like -- sometimes managers bear a striking resemblance...
Today you will learn how to tell the difference between an octopus and a cuttlefish.  Aside, that is, from the octopus' greater problem solving capability.
Someone you know will drone on and on about various tentacled sea creatures today.  The best thing to do is to pretend you have one of those vibrating pagers in your pocket, and say "oh!  that must be the call I've been waiting for", and dash off.
Today you will find yourself wondering why a shampoo that "tingles" would be better at preventing dandruff than one which doesn't.  It's that sort of intellectual undertaking which has earned you your well-deserved reputation.
Someone nearby will make disgusting slurping sounds in your favorite restaurant.  You'll retaliate by glaring pointedly, and by eating your linguini with your fingers.
A man will be passing by when you suddenly recall a hilarious Monty Python skit, and you'll burst out laughing.  Later, you'll notice him anxiously looking at himself in a mirror.
You will read an oevre in a new genre.  Actually, it will be an <i> X-Men</i>(tm) comic book, but you've never been one of those stuffy people who are unwilling to try new things.
Someone you've never met will come up and nudge you today.  You don't have to stand for that, though, and you should just nudge them right back.
This is an <i>excellent</i> day to dare.  Dare to eat a peach.  Dare to wear your trousers rolled, and walk along the beach.  Dare to be different.  That sort of thing.
Excellent day to crouch behind furniture, and peer over the top.  If you can do that while wearing one of those Groucho Marx noses, so much the better.
Today you will have a sudden and brilliant idea for how to eliminate the U.S.  federal deficit.  "Let's all just pretend there <i>isn't one</i>!", you'll say.
Good day to examine your cuticles.  If you do that studiously enough, I'm quite sure nobody will realize you're not paying any attention.
You will be in an extremely stuffy meeting today, which will seem to last forever.  You will be able to liven things up a smidge by putting a few small feathers in your hand, and then "coughing" them out.
Good day to remember your kinship with all living things.  Except perhaps mildew.  There's no point in remembering your kinship with mildew, at least not today.
Today you will wake up in somebody else's body.  The strangest thing about the transition will be that you'll have all the memories from the new body, and none of your own from before.  Despite that, you will be somehow quite certain that you've "traded down."
Good day to burst into song.  Nothing too fancy, mind you -- no arias.  The theme song from "The Beverly Hillbillies" will do nicely.  Why not see how many people you can get to sing along?
A Ph.D.  degree in parapsychology is in your future.  Despite what you may have heard, however, the corresponding career path is not terribly rewarding.  You <i>will</i> get to see a lot of furniture move by itself, of course, so that's a plus.
You will be plagued by theological doubts today, and will flirt with the idea of changing your religion.  Subconsciously, this is because you're envious of the really cool hats some of the people in other religions get to wear.
Good day to sleep in.  A nap would work well today, too.  Try to get to bed early.  Aside from that, nothing too exciting today.
Today is the day you've been waiting for.  Go around to everyone you know, and tell them you're terribly sorry.  Give them a firm handclasp, and walk briskly away, with no further explanation.  Tomorrow, deny ever doing such a thing, and question their sanity.  If you keep people on their toes, they will have a richer, fuller life.  That's thanks enough, I should think, for your efforts.
A moth the size of a Boeing 747 will erupt from a nearby hillside today, and go off to help a huge semi-aquatic rubbery dinosaur fight off an alien attack.  So what are <i>you</i> doing to help?
Good day to skip.  In fact, skipping is good exercise, and I'm certain that if you just get a few friends to go along with you, you can start a cultural movement of just as much importance as running and walking.  The main problem, of course, is to figure out what sort of "skipping" shoe Nike is going to come out with.
Tomorrow when you wake up, many small objects on the carpet will bring you to the alarming conclusion that you have a live rabbit in the house.  Search though you may, however, you will be completely unable to find hide nor hare of it...
Vlad The Impaler continues to come up in casual conversation.  You might want to consider wearing a silver cross, despite your theological leanings.
Today you will read a bit of Shakespeare, and just before you fall asleep, you will think: "A duck, by any other name, would smell as foul." Never mix Shakespeare and chocolate icecream.  The results can be a trifle unpredictable.
Today you will put your foot down, regarding your turn at dinner preparation versus dining out.  In other words, "if you ain't broke, don't fix it."
Everyone around you will develop a strange fascination with Vlad The Impaler.  This could be bad news.
A person wearing a bandana on his head and brandishing a cutlass will dash by you today, saying something that sounds a bit like "Arrrr."
Your cat will go thundering past you on the linoleum, but will miss the doorway by an inch or so.  You will hear an odd "ping!" sound as her head hits the doorjamb.  No harm will be done.
Today old Beatles songs will be playing everywhere you go.  Eventually this will make you twist and shout, until you work it all out.
Good day to learn to do more with your toes.  Start off by tying knots with them, and who knows?  You could end up being able to accompany yourself on the piano!
Be nice to your coworkers today.  Cow orkers have a darned tough job, so it's good to make them feel special once in a while.
Excellent day to whistle off key.  Random starts and stops are also good.
Do not snitch a jelly donut today, when nobody is looking.  The chocolate frosted one is <i>much</i> better.
Today you will take comfort in the thought that Jesus loves you, particularly since nobody else likes you very much.
Potato awareness day, today.  Potatoes have had a tremendous influence on society, since their introduction into Western culture.  Just think, for instance, of their effect on Dan Quayle's career!
You will make several somewhat inadviseable impulse purchases today.  Fortunately, you will be able to return all of them, except for the Hormel "100 Years Of SPAM!" decorative wallclock.
Someone will attempt to get you to stay in one place today, by telling you that you are surrounded by 100 black poisonous snakes (which are invisible).  You will make a daring escape, despite the risk involved.
Good day to put a few kumquats, some of those teensy little ears of corn, and a few brussels sprouts in a tiny little bowl, and leave it on someone's doorstep with a tiny little note reading "Dear Big People...."
Today is a good day to exercise that special magic you have, of making people smile.  Try telling everyone "smile when you say that, buster", for example.
Today you will make a bold fashion statement, which will eventually become a trend and sweep the nation.  "Executive Grunge", you'll call it.
Today you will discover that you can amuse your friends by pretending that your hand is a tsetse fly, and "walking" it along the table.  Your friends are easily amused, as it turns out.
Most people are aware that it's supposed to be good luck to toss a pinch of salt over your left shoulder.  Today you will discover that it's even better luck to toss a carton of yogurt over your right shoulder.
Fungus day today.  Interestingly, you will discover that in order to engage in mycological research, you need go no further than your toes...
You will be hit on the head by a carton of yogurt today, which will not strike you as being the least bit funny at the time.  Later, of course, you'll all have a good laugh about it.
Today someone sitting near you will make repeated nasal sounds that will eventually drive you screaming from the room.  Try to avoid attacking them with a box of kleenex upon re-entering the room.
Good day to begin that toothpick sculpture you've been thinking of.  Of course, where you're actually going to <i>put</i> a life-sized toothpick sculpture of a rhinocerous is another matter.
Today you will realize that it seems quite impossible to make any sense out of life, especially when you consider what life must be like in Nebraska.
You will pass a sign that says "invorp" today.  Fortunately, you will remember enough Dutch to know that it means "put your fingers in your ears and wiggle them." They are a silly people, the Dutch.
Small fluffy animals will come over and lean on you, today.  It's just their way of showing their appreciation, and of telling you that you are furniture.
Good day to work on your catapult.  You never know when it could come in handy.  Besides, it's good to worry your neighbors a bit -- keeps them civil.
Fortune will smile upon you today!  That's what it does when it's just thought up a real corker.
Today you will have a sudden, somewhat irrational desire to drive to Camden, New Jersey, and visit the Soup Tureen Museum.  Fortunately, you will restrain yourself.
Extremely poor day to use obscure euphemisms or medical metaphors.  In particular, avoid "kajoobies" or "shvontz" like the plague.
Excellent day to go half-barefoot.  (One shoe only.) Answer no questions about it, though.  Just say "I prefer not to talk about it."
Try to work the words "happenstance" and "ineffable" into your conversation today.  It turns out that most people believe any sentence that has the word "ineffable" in it.  Such as that one.
Beware of midget bookies, today.  It's ok to get one of those tiny little poetry books, though, if you feel you really must.
You will receive a painful bonk on the head, today, while riding the bus downtown.  It's your own fault, though, for sitting in front of that trombone player.
A brilliant idea for a new hand tool will strike you today, but it will be years too late.  People these days are much less likely to buy an "M.C.  Hammer" than they would have been a few years ago.  If you're really intent on being an inventor, you should come up with a "drum roll", which you can sell to Pillsbury.  Ta dah dum.
Today you will seek out new life, and new civilizations.  You won't find any, of course, but you will discover a really excellent Chinese restaurant in the process.
You will have a grilled cheese sandwich today, and a bowl of tomato soup.  When nobody is looking you will secretly dunk your sandwich.
You will invent a method of making icosahedral ice cubes, today, which everyone will think are really cool.
A man dressed like a giant shrimp will roar past you in an experimental hovercraft, today.  (Again.)
Beware of poltergeists, today.
On a pre-arranged signal, you and 3 cohorts will start talking complete gibberish today, leaving the 5th person in your meeting entirely baffled.  Act as if <i>he's</i> behaving strangely, and look concerned.
Poit twoonie squaggle?  Floon morble tid bubbu taha, hen?  Hen?
You will declare war on drugs, today, and will glare menacingly at your pharmacist.
You will be driven into a panic today by the thought that you will live to see music by Oingo Boingo referred to as "classic" rock.  Believe me, that's not nearly as strange as clothing trends will be, such as the "big elbow" look.
Better have that spot checked out by a doctor.  Sure it may <i>look</i> benign, but sometimes those carpet stains can spread.
Beware of unwarranted electrical assumptions today.  On the other hand, a shower of sparks and a bit of ozone can be fairly exciting...
Good day to hold hands.  If you don't currently have a spouse or girlfriend/boyfriend, you can probably find a fake "severed hand" at a magic supplies store.  That might be a good thing to pick up in any case?  You never know when it might come in handy.
Good day to have some fun with fake fur and spirit gum.  Now you can see what chest hair would really be like, or go for the "Madonna" look.  Or you can simply opt for hairy palms -- that's always fun.
Today someone will accuse you of spending too much time with your computer.  The way to handle that is to say you've got "lots of work to do." (And don't let them spot you fondly caressing it.)
Excellent day to visit a bookstore.  Try to find a book named "Make Money With Your Own Worm Farm." You don't need to read it, but it'll be fun to leave around where people will notice it.
You will have a nightmare tonight, in which you find yourself dangling from the ceiling, while brightly colored paper mach&eacute; animals with glowing eyes file into the room.  One of them will be carrying a stick.  Perhaps you shouldn't eat so much candy before going to bed?
You will have more psychotronic energy today than usual.  I recommend that you direct it towards the fridge.  There's something <i>alive</i> in there.
Excellent day to devour fruit, while making snarling sounds and glaring at persons nearby.  Next, tear the heads off the carnations and stuff them partway up your nose, and make strange wuffling sounds while vigorously wiggling your eyebrows.  Or don't, if you're going to be stuffy.  It's your life.
You will snidely snicker at someone today.  That's not going to make you many friends, you know.  Instead, you should cheerfully chuckle.
You will answer the phone today by shouting "You bloated sack of protoplasm!." Unfortunately, it's not your friend calling.  It's your mother.
Good day to sip tea.  Remember to extend your pinkie!
Today you will be watched by cats.  It's nothing really worth worrying about, I'm sure.  Did you know that you've started making little unconscious "squeaks" when you're concentrating on something?
While idly doodling on a notepad, today, you will accidentally draw a symbol sacred to an ancient voodoo deity, and will open a gap into part of the astral plane that is even <i>less appealing</i> than Akron, Ohio.
Good day to make sure you are prepared for a big earthquake.  Get bottled water, a first-aid kit, canned food, flashlights, transistor radio, sturdy hiking boots, and a feather boa.
You will take a wrong turn, today, and become hopelessly lost.  Eventually you will start a new life in Minnesota, along with all the other people who have little sense of direction.  It'll be ok, providing you like tuna casserole.
Excellent day to study entomology -- particularly the order <i>hymenoptera</i>.  Be prepared to leap about, howling and whacking your trouser legs.
Today you will happen upon a prediction by Nostradamus which will scare the living daylights out of you.  As well it should, although how a medieval seer foresaw your exact name is anybody's guess.
You will be conducting naval maneuvers in the bathtub today, when you will have an unfortunate accident involving your toy submarine.  The visit to the emergency room will be <i>most</i> embarrasing.
You will be walking along today when you overhear someone making a snide remark about you, drawing an unflattering comparison between your personality, and landfill.  A snappy reply will occur to you, sometime late next week.
Good day to introduce a bit of randomness into your life.  Try getting dressed in the dark, for example (it's what I do).
You will have an enormously exciting day, today, compared to your usual day.  You will find the prize in the cereal box.
You will have a dream tonight, in which you are standing on the shore of an inky black river in grey twilight.  An old man wearing a black cloak will appear, poling a rickety old boat up to you.  He will demand payment to ferry you across, but it will turn out he doesn't accept <i>American Express</i>.
Today you will exercise self-discipline.  It's about time, too!  Your self-discipline was starting to get somewhat portly.
Go wild today!  Try a different brand of ramen noodles -- or even go so far as to sprinkle a little chopped green onion over them!
Bad hair day today.  In fact, it's quite likely that your hair will actually be arrested.
Excellent day for standing barefoot on the lawn and wiggling your toes.  Under <i>no</i> circumstance should you stand barefoot on the lawn and wiggle your nose.  It simply isn't done.
.syas enoyna gniht elgnis a dnatsrednu ot elba eb t'now uoy yadot, ylddO
Today you will have to take someone aside and gently explain that a "briefcase" is not actually for undergarments.  Remember: you probably made a few silly mistakes yourself, when you were just starting out.
You will realize, today, that there's more than just good manners to the statement: "never yodel with your mouth full."
When's the last time you did something nice for Doug?  Sure, he's cranky a lot, and dresses funny, but he's a good person.  Perhaps you should take him to lunch?
Today you will invent a new type of automated squid sorter, for use by professional squid fishermen.  You will call it the Squid Pro Quo.  That will be a mistake.
Remember to bring your entrenching tool with you today.  You'll need it.  (You know...for the marketing meeting.)
Good day to start saving up for that electron microscope you've always wanted.  I hear Sears will be having a big sale on them this fall.
Time for an excursion!  Remember to pack some sandwiches, and carry a large ball of twine (it's easy to get lost in the city -- the twine should help).
You will spend the day discussing whether the main problems in the world are due to ignorance or apathy.  Personally, I don't know and I don't care.
You will hear a mysterious "whapping" sound as you are passing by a church today.  Curiosity will get the better of you, and you will peek inside.  To your relief you will discover it's only the nuns, playing a quick game of dodge-ball.
Good day to begin writing that book you've been planning -- "Growing Radishes Indoors." It's an idea whose time has come.
Good day to act sneaky.  Try glancing sidelong at people, or standing just out of sight.
Today you will discover the original version of the nursery rhyme: "Hey diddle diddle, the cat and the fiddle, the cow jumped over the moon.  The little dog laughed to see such fun, because he was mentally impaired."
If you act now, you could be the first on your block to have an actual moat and a working drawbridge.  Something to consider.
Good day to hide an iguana in someone's satchel.  They will not be expecting that, so everyone will get a good chuckle out of it.
Excellent day to blow soap bubbles in unusual places.  See if you can get them to drift by people who are thinking too hard.
You will believe a completely rediculous hoax about a computer virus today, and everyone will tease you mercilessly.
Someone will dash up to you today, say "meep meep!  bthpblthpblthp!", and then dash off.  At least now you'll know how to spell it.
You'll be feeling tired and discouraged today, but will be able to raise your spirits by pretending to be a cartoon character.  ACME products may be featured, as well.
Today you will discover an ancient stone tablet on which mystic runes are carved.  Oddly, when you find someone to translate them from Old Norse, it will turn out to be a collection of moose jokes.
Good day to make a face like a rodent, and hold your paws up in front of your chest.  When someone asks what you are doing, chitter at them and scurry away.
To your vast embarrassment, you will be unable to describe the differences between halibut, sole, and flounder.  It's easy to remember, though -- they are (in order) "big", "small", and "clumsy."
You are about to burn the roof of your mouth on pizza.  It won't be the first time, either.
Beware of being cautious, today.
Today you will watch something like a hawk.  Basically, you do that by having unblinking beady little eyes, and a brain the size of a peanut.
Today you will find a bumper sticker that truly defines your sentiments.  It will say "Buy More Socks!."
Today you will lose all self-control.  You'll find it again tomorrow, though -- it just rolled under the couch.
Terrific day to saunter.  Don't let it turn into a mosey, though.
Beware of Poles.  Particularly dark-haired women of Polish extraction.  Due to an oddity of genetic significance, they will all be intensely silly for a few weeks.
In the grocery store, you will see quite a few people with infants in their shopping carts.  Try though you might, however, you will not be able to find the bin with the children.  Perhaps they're sold out?  <i>Important Safety Tip</i>: do <b>not</b> stop one of the women with an infant and ask her to show you where her baby came from.
Good day to make a nice pot of gruel.  Isn't it strange, how difficult it is these days to find gruel on the menu at restaurants?  Perhaps you should start your own restaurant (e.g.  <i>The Gruel Pot</i>) to rectify that situation.
The mountain will be happy to come to Mohammed, but Mohammed should be prepared for a brief (in geologic terms) delay.
Today you will attempt to capitalize on the success of SPAM by inventing SPEEF.  Unfortunately, you would have been much better off trying to make SPICKEN, instead.
You are having a serious problem.  Your only hope at this point is to consult a reputable florist.  You will find them in the Yellow Pages, under "Florists, Reputable."
Today you will stumble across conclusive proof that cilantro is actually the main ingredient in detergents and soaps, and that its culinary use started as a joke -- it's just that most people are too shy to admit that they'd rather spray Lysol on their burrito than put cilantro on it.
You will discover a large black obelisk out on the lawn today, which obviously weighs several tons.  You will be amazed at the effort some people put into a practical joke.
Today you will go into the prosthetic forehead business, having heard that everyone wants a prosthetic forehead to wear on their real forehead.  It would be a good idea to do your own market research, in this case, before sinking all your savings in this venture.
Excellent day to refer to everyone as "Doctor." This will make them grin, and they'll forget all about that favor they were going to ask of you.
Someone named "Bob" is plotting to whap you with a calla lilly.  If you carry long-stemmed carnations around with you today, you will be able to retaliate swiftly and effectively.
Everyone around you will act silly, today -- whapping each other with floral matter, calling each other "Doctor", and doing Bantu war dances in the hallway.  The most likely explanation is that there's a nitrous oxide leak somewhere.
You will give your lawyer a retainer today, which will only irritate her.  She will patiently explain that that isn't the sort of retainer she'd meant.
You will send away for the pamphlet titled "The Manly Art Of Knitting", today, but sadly, it will be out of print.  You should check with a rare books merchant.
Good day to be callously indifferent to the plight of the masses.  You have larger things on your mind than whether the peasants are happy.  Oui?
You will wake with a start tonight, and hear a sound like that of a whole herd of capybara snuffling around in your closet.  Fortunately, when you switch on the light, that will turn out to be all it is.
As you are walking along, you will notice someone leaning back in a chair.  You should stop and insist that they bring their seatback to a full upright and locked position until the captain has turned off a sign.
This will be a day filled with tragically many sneezes.  At least it'll be a good opportunity to learn how to sneeze "cute."
Excellent day to play the William Tell Overture really loud, and leap around flailing your arms.  Try not to knock over the lamp.
As a joke today, you will get an alarmed expression on your face, crouch on someone's carpet, and start making disgusting "huck, huck!" sounds.  The joke's on you, though, since they will insist that you eat some hairball remedy.
It will seem a great shame to you today, that your little finger has a cute name -- "pinky" -- but none of your other fingers do.  That's the sort of thing that very few people besides you really spend much time pondering.  They have such limited minds, don't they?
Today you will finally get around to exercising!  Your cat will look at you like you've gone completely whacky.  Don't be intimidated, though -- at least <i>you</i> never get distracted and forget that you're holding your leg up behind your head.
Go nowhere without a flotation device, for a few days.  You never know.
Oddly, despite the impression you gained from a television commercial, your new soap will not inspire unusual levels of grinning in the shower.
People around you are starting to look a bit complacent.  Good day to adopt a haunted expression and carry a large ball of aluminum foil.
Beware of clams, today.
You will build a better mousetrap, but nobody will beat a path to your door.  Several people will beat a path to your refrigerator, though, and will make sandwiches.
Stop slouching, and sit up straight!  How do you expect to get ahead in the world if you pay no attention to proper posture?
You will need two torches, a sword, leather armor, and a significant amount of courage today.  And for heaven's sake, don't forget the twine.
Today you will become a card-carrying member of a new and very exclusive organization named "Yeomen of the Carbuncle", although you'll spend a lot of time at the first meeting debating whether it should actually be called "Yeopersons of the Carbuncle."
Today you will develop a type of rubber overshoe that looks like dinosaur's feet.  They will become wildly popular, after your appearance on the Letterman show.
As a joke, you will hold up a certain air freshener in a bank, today, and announce "this is a Stick Up!." Later, you'll have time to reflect upon the regrettable fact that law enforcement officials are sadly lacking in a sense of humor.
You will overhear people talking about you today, and realize that you have a reputation as a real stud hombre cyber-muffin.  You will find that intensely irritating.
That rash should clear up soon, Bob.  Oh stop worrying.  I won't tell anyone.
Today you will ignore the warning label on the mouthwash bottle, and will attempt to yodel while gargling.  That will be a mistake.
Good day to do a self-portrait.  Or, if you're in a hurry, you can do what I do, and just spray paint all over yourself and run into a large canvas.  Art is easier than you think!
You are being watched.  Act casual (i.e.  pretend you are wearing blue jeans and a t-shirt).
Today you will make the bold move from fidgeting to twiddling.  Just please be careful.
Unbeknownst to thee, thou art over-fond of archaic terms.  Prithee, wouldst thou kindly desist?
Today you will finally get to push the big red button!  The main question is now...what are you going to do with the rest of your life?  The answer, naturally, is "worm farming."
Today you will become stuck in a wicker chair.  This is what the British refer to as a "sticky wicker", as it is an unfortunately common occurrence in their climate.
Good day to snitch cookies when nobody's looking.
No news is not good news, today.  In fact, no news is at best mediocre news.
A very pale young woman weilding a broadsword will approach you today to ask if you'd like your carnations pruned.  Be nice and say yes.  Reincarnation is tough on some people.
Beware of slime creatures today.  There's one lurking in the fridge, pretending to be lettuce.
Someone will try to pass prawns off as shrimp, today, but you'll be far too clever for them.  If anyone knows their crustaceans, it's you.
Someone named Tyrone is about to sell you a vaccuum cleaner.  There's nothing much you can do about it, I'm afraid.
You will hear a strange flapping sound today.  Glancing outside, you will see a precision drill team marching by wearing scuba flippers and waving feather dusters.  Avoid eye contact.  Stay indoors.
Excellent day to be boisterous.  Avoid obstreperousness, however.
Today you will discover a really cool technique of whistling through your nose.  Oddly, nobody will be terribly enthusiastic about your new talent.
Not only is this a good day to throw a tantrum, but there's a good chance that you might set a new distance record!
You will be in a somewhat ornery mood when you go out to an Italian restaurant tonight.  You will <i>insist</i> on chopsticks.
Job interview today, eh?  Good show!  Eat a bunch of oreos just before, and smile a lot.  They'll spend their time staring at your teeth, that way.  (Not at your resume.)
Flour tortilla day, today.  You know what I mean.
Good day to take up Rap music as a career.  Either that or plumbing.  (Most people are strangely unaware of the similarities.)
Today you will discover a strange-looking thing in your underwear drawer.  Best not to tell anyone.
At this point you have two choices: you can either get a haircut, or dye your hair white and black and pretend to be an old english sheepdog.  The latter is usually more fun, but slightly less practical.
Today you will get very dirty.  Actually, though, it will be rather fun.
Good day for political intrigue and underhanded sneakiness.  Try to wear something appropriate to the occasion.
After spending days learning to simultaneously pat your head and rub your tummy, you will move on today to patting your head and rubbing someone else's tummy.
A careless delivery person will drop an entire case of pills when you are in a pharmacy, today.  Did you know that nitroglycerin is still used, sometimes, in the treatment of heart disease?
Beware of the Spanish Inquisition, today.  They may show up unexpectedly.
You will discover that you can see people's auras today, if you squint.  That should be done in moderation, however, as many people object to being squinted at.
Excellent day to walk around wearing a white lab coat and carrying a clipboard.
You will mortally offend a friend today when a hilarious joke pops unbidden into your mind during your friend's sad description of his problems.
Today you will banish fear.  It will stomp off in a huff.
You will be visited by missionaries today, and will finally have an excellent opportunity to slip into your demon costume before opening the door.
Dorothy Parker once said "if you can't say anything nice, come sit next to me." Today that will be strangely relevant to your own situation.
Today you must seek out the perfect noodle.  Also, according to a recently reversed decision by Miss Manners, it's now perfectly ok to slurp noodles.  (Or so I've been told.)
Excellent day to get involved in one or more conspiracies.  If you can hold secret meetings in darkened rooms, so much the better!
Big career move today!  Oddly, your decision will be somehow related to a pamphlet called "Goat Herding Made Easy."
Not an especially good day to do anything involving contact cement.  At least not if you have plans to go anywhere.
Good day to begin making a monster costume.  Be sure to make it nice and comfy, since you will discover that you actually enjoy lounging around in it.
You will receive an honor from a foreign dignitary today.  Everyone else will be horribly jealous of you.
Your friend will betray you today, and will hide from you under office furniture.  Hey, don't ask <i>me</i>.  I just see the future, I don't explain it.
This is going to be a fairly peculiar day, for you.  You'll end up taking a bus downtown.  Two neatly dressed but somewhat short and embittered women will push a cart up and down the aisle in the bus, dispensing packets of honey-roasted peanuts, and miniscule quantities of Diet Coke in plastic glasses.
You'll feel like you can't do anything right today.  Unfortunately, it turns out you're right...
This is a good day to bake.  Cinnamon rolls would be good.  Or perhaps some crusty bread.  If you follow my advice, you will make friends and influence people.  Otherwise a horrifying fate awaits you.  No pressure, though.  Do what you feel is right for you.
Good day to start learning the violin.  Interestingly, your neighbors will volunteer to pay for lessons.  It's selfless gestures like that which really help friendships blossom.
You'll get one of those pieces of toast today with a really big hole in it, and the jam will squish out the bottom.  That's it though, for today's excitement.
Today an ecologically-minded organic foods co-op will move into your home, while you're away.  You'll be smelling whole-wheat fig bars for months, even if you succeed in extricating them.  (Which is unlikely, in today's political climate.  They need <i>somewhere</i> to hide.  Have a heart.)
After today the following expression will no longer strike you as being in the least bit amusing: "Friends help friends move.  <i>Real</i> friends help friends move bodies."
Today you will find a note, folded into quarters, and torn from a steno pad.  Surprisingly, it will refer to you.  Even more surprisingly, it will refer to you as the object of adoration, someone whom the note's author wishes to engage in "snuggle bunnies" with.  Sadly, it will be impossible to determine who wrote it, and nothing will ever come of it.
Oh boy!  Today you will find some cool shoes that you'd forgotten all about, in the back of your closet.  Oddly, they no longer fit, and are <i>at least</i> 3 sizes too large.  This may worry you.
A man with a mystical yet somehow tortured expression will stop you on the street, today, and ask you for a name brand of prepared mustard.  If you carry a jar with you, and surprise him, you will make his life seem worthwhile.
Bad day to feed the Bengal tiger.  Let someone else do it, today.  Probably just an "off" batch of the Purina Tiger Chow, but why risk it?
Someone will ask you if you'd like some "fresh ground pepper" on your salad.  Personally (this may be just a "Ron" thing), I always say "yes" to people carrying a baseball bat, outside a playing field.
Today you'll have one of those baffling moments when you're sure you spelled a word correctly, but your spelling checker will still complain.  Ask someone nearby how they spell it.  They'll spell it the same way you do, much to your rolaids.
Say something completely ordinary, today, but follow it with "Get it?" and a big grin.  For example, "I'm wearing shoes.  Get it?" See who gets it.  Avoid them.
Today is the 1,750,000-year aniversary of the invention of hand tools!  (The original hand tool was the Oldovan Chopper, commonly made of chipped flint, and originally sold under the Sears Craftsman label.) Celebrate by getting out there and banging some rocks together!
Someone will drone on and on, today.  Try using psychic powers to make their underwear ride up.  Even if it doesn't work, your look of intense concentration may make them self-conscious.
Don't forget your towel, today.  I usually find I'm less likely to forget things, if I wrap them around my head.  Everyone has their own mnemonic tricks, though.
You will have a grilled cheese sandwich today, and a bowl of tomato soup.  When nobody is looking you will secretly dunk your sandwich.  You never tire of the wild life, do you?
Try to avoid calling anyone a "vacuous, coffee-nosed, malodorous pervert", today.  (That can be taken the wrong way, I've discovered.)
Be careful if you try to be funny, today.  Although you are normally reknowned for your dry wit, you may be a bit soggy, today.
A small packet containing 7 oddly-colored bean seeds will arrive in the mail today.  There will be no return address, nor any indication of what they are.  Only one way to find out...
Resist temptation, today.  You might have to get rough with it, or even wrestle it to the ground.
A swarm of rats will sneak up on you, and you will be suddenly engulfed in a squeaking, biting, torrent of rabid vermin.  <i>Oops!</i> No, ha ha, looks like I forgot about the influence of Venus, didn't I?  Sorry.  Hmmm.  Ok...actually, today you will have pizza.
You will spend another day surrounded by idiots, or perhaps by well meaning but simple folks, who will drone on and on until your smile becomes forced, and you will begin to look like a deranged rodent.
Today you will spend another entire day worried about your feet.  But honestly, most people don't notice these things.  On the other hand, most people don't spontaneously grow more toes, either.
You will find a strangely heavy small gold ring today, embedded in the center of an obviously volcanic rock.  There is some writing, in a script unlike any you've ever seen, running around the ring, although you can't really see it unless you heat it up in a fire...
A person of Irish descent will attempt to sell you something you don't especially want, today.  Strive to turn the conversation to <i>Tilapia</i> (a type of freshwater fish) -- you'll find it's his new hobby.
Today you will be suddenly struck by what a <i>genius</i> Norman Rockwell was, and how unappreciated (in the major art circles) he remains.  You will vow to do something about it.
Noodle day, today!  Have you tried some of those new "fresh" tomato-basil linguinies?  Of course not.  But today, you <i>will</i>!
Today you will become a digger.  Dig, dig, dig.  That's all you'll think of, for months.  You will discover an amazingly large diamond, about 27 feet down, and will be fabulously rich after that.  Not that you'll give <i>me</i> any credit, of course.  Ingrate!
Today you will be seized by inspiration, and shaken like a rat in the jaws of a terrier.  You will wax poetic, assuming that "poetic" is the name of your car.
If you've been wanting to become a religious leader, today is the day to get cracking on it.  Otherwise, probably an uneventful day.
You have exactly as much chance of having a decent day as you have of developing amazing telekinetic abilities that let you secretly give innocent passers-by a wedgie.  Stay home.  Breathe normally.
Today, everyone around you will make you severely annoyed.  The important thing is to remember that, in the long run, they're all dead.
Today you will conclusively prove that despite what most people regard as common knowledge, monkeys only rarely chase weasels around the mulberry bush.  They normally engage in that sort of thing over by the petunias.
You will spend today in a state of mild anxiety.  Probably Ohio.
Another day of social convention defiance, today.  You may even go so far as to send a letter to Miss Manners, which begins: "Uh, Yo:" (Well, that's how Sylvester Stallone starts all his correspondence, right?)
Good day to begin that toothpick sculpture you've been thinking of.  You'll be the only private individual (aside from Martha Stewart) who orders toothpicks by the case.  Martha goes through several boxes just sticking breakfast together, I hear.
Excellent day to act childish.  For example, when's the last time you ordered a drink with a straw, and blew bubbles in it?  Or you could pout, if you want.  (Be sure to go for good lip extension, though).
A person named "Elmo" will call you repeatedly, and will refuse to believe that he's dialed a wrong number.
Not an especially good day to play with crossbows, guns, machetes, flame throwers, mortars, heavy artillery, knives, ninja throwing stars, spears, maces, or nuclear weaponry.  At least not all at once.  Why not go out and putter about in the garden?
Beware of cats, today.  (Particularly black and white cats who sit next to you and pretend to be innocent.  Those are the worst kind.)
Today one or more close relations will pout.  You will stoicly endure this, and will steadfastly refuse to relinquish control of the remote control.
You will have a completely boring, uneventful day.  Then you'll go home, eat the same thing you always eat, watch a re-run, and go to bed.  Then you'll be abducted by aliens, who will tease you.
Remember: One tiddles one's winks, not vice versa.  Winking one's tiddles would be crude, and is illegal in some states.
Good day to let yourself go.  Just be back by 10, OK?
You will discover you have a certain flair for copywriting, and will pick up a little extra spending money by doing window signs for stores, such as "Going Out Of Business.  Waaaah!"
People will tease you about wearing your golf shoes indoors.  Don't you mind them, though -- they're undoubtedly just jealous.
Excellent day to come up with new theories to explain the universe around you.  Remember: the simplest explanation is usually the best.  For example, most physicists today subscribe to the "Big Band" theory of the creation of the universe.  I have an alternate theory that I prefer, which I call "Tuba Ensemble."
Try not to be too impulsive, today.  Ask youself if you really need that howitzer, or if you just think it'd be fun to have.
Today you will discover a little book called "1001 Names For Your Pet." You should probably name your next pet either "Pope John Paul" or "No Clothes On." That way you can say things like "Pope John Paul peed on the rug, again" or "I'm going for a walk with No Clothes On."
You've heard that when economists use the word "nice", they're actually saying that something is homoscedastic and nonautoregressive.  Today you will find out what they mean when they say something is "like, totally kewl."
Today you will rush around in a tizzy.  It will be sort of fun, actually, since the tizzy handles well, and has more than enough power to make an exciting ride.
You'll feel a little tired and run down, today.  Just a hunch, but that could explain those tire tracks on your shirt, as well...
As Buckaroo Banzai said, "No matter where you go, there you are." Oddly, this will not be entirely the case for you, today.
Someone will stop you today, to ask directions.  Tell them to take the second star to the right, and go straight on till morning.  (I personally never ask for directions, since I find it's always much more effective to find someone who looks like they know where they're going, and follow them.  I also always tell people that my name is "Svlad." It's something to do.)
The phrase "return your tray tables to the upright and locked position" will cycle endlessly through your mind, today.  It's not serious.  (But you should probably consider cutting down on the honey-roasted peanuts.)
Today you will begin a new hobby: collecting spores, molds, and fungus.  You will find it richly rewarding, in a spiritual sense.
Let a smile be your umbrella, today.  Tomorrow: letting a grimace be a pair of hip-waders.
This will be "one of those days", I'm afraid.  The person next to you on the bus will have taken one of those nitroglycerin capsules for his heart condition, and will be bending over to pick up a newspaper, just as the bus hits a big pothole...
You will get one of those pre-mixed salads in a new high-tech bag that "breathes." Or, in this case, wheezes.
Someone will ask you how you are, today, for the millionth time, and you know they actually couldn't care less.  I've found that the best reply in this case is usually "Did you know that there's a spider on your neck?"
Today you will join the political action group "Whiners For Peace", and will call up your senator's office and whine at them.  Don't forget to sign up for the big "Pout Out" next month!
Beware of lightning, today!  Either stay indoors, or leave your aluminum foil hat behind.  (I know, I know.  It's hard.  But I've learned to live without mine, most of the time.)
You will get through the day without too much trouble today.  It would go even more smoothly, however, if you had bought that laser cannon when you had the chance.
Happy Frog Day!!  Let's hear it for our little amphibious friends!
Good day to let sleeping dogs lie.  After all, the poor things seem to be completely exhausted, most of the time.  My dog, Maggie, is asleep right now (after a good night's sleep, and a nice morning nap, followed by a good snooze).  It's a tough life, but someone's got to do it.
Today you will have the eerie sensation that either you are going crazy or you are being watched by something indescribably evil.  Luckily for you, you're in fine shape, mentally.
Someone will tell you today "Boy, what a girl goes through to send her brother through proctology school." Despite being forwarned, you won't have anything to say.
Aliens will land in Los Angeles today.  Unfortunately, nobody will be able to tell.
Today you will discover that you have no real friends.  Or at least, that they don't cast a shadow.
Good time to invest in stock.  (The canned kind, not the financial kind.)
Today you will be struck by an odd thought.  It will do little actual damage, fortunately.
Today will be Mexican Food day, for you.  In fact, chances are better than 1 in 3 that someone will refer to you as "Frijole-breath" before the day is through.
Hide.
You are being followed by a man with an eye patch and a prosthetic limb.  He, in turn, is being followed by a large reptile, which is making a ticking sound.
You will discover, today, that you can whistle and hum at the same time.  This will entertain you for <strong>hours</strong>.
If a wolf is chasing your sleigh, throw him a raisin cookie.  That, of course, is a metaphor for what will really happen.
An old man with bad teeth will whack you with his cane today, as you walk past.  He'll pretend it was an accident.
You will feel an odd compulsion to stack books, symmetrically, in the public library.  Try to resist it.
You will be tickled without mercy, today.  Oddly, you will not be able to see your assailant.
E-coli.  <i>It's what's for dinner!</i>
Today, someone named "Svlad" will appear at your door, carrying a large inflatable penguin and a bag of pistachio nuts.  Despite your better judgement, you will let him in.
Inspiration will strike you, and leave you for dead.  The police will do nothing.
Bring extra.  You'll need it.
Thrombosis.  Beware.  Also, your best friend will rush up and indicate by nonverbal means that Timmy is trapped under a log <i>again</i>.
People will tease you about wearing your golf shoes indoors.  Don't you mind them, though -- they're undoubtedly just jealous.
A hive of naked mole rats will move in with you today.  You will find that they are relatively tidy creatures, but that it's a trifle difficult to explain their presence to your friends.
Today you will discover an astounding new use for celery, and it will make you rich beyond your wildest dreams.
Avoid alternative music, today.  Also, try to find what's making that nasty smell in the fridge, before it gets worse.
Birds figure heavily in your day, today.  My advice?  Wear a hat.
Today you will begin a new hobby: collecting spores, molds, and fungus.  You will find it richly rewarding, in a spiritual sense.
What goes around will come around, today.  Metaphorically speaking, that is.
This is not a good day to start a new romance.  Particularly not a new romance based on a personals classified ad in the back of Mad magazine.
Uh oh.  "Bursting into song day", again.  Your friends will avoid you.
Someone will soon approach you with an idea.  Stay well clear of it.
Today will mark the first time you've ever actually "wrestled" a largish reptile.  Although an unexpected experience, you will find it strangely stimulating, and may decide to pursue it as a career.
Deny everything.
Between now and the <i>vernal equinox</i>, trust anyone with freckles.  After that, trust no one.
Paper airplane day, today.  Have as much fun as you can stand -- tomorrow will be ugly.
Someone will try to give you an egg salad sandwich today.  Refuse them.  Be polite, yet firm.
Your obsession with Lapsang Souchong tea takes a turn for the worse, today, as you begin secretly soaking your undergarments in it.  Professional help is indicated.
Today you will irritate people.  In fact, you'll irritate yourself.
Today will be a great day for bargains.  For example, you'll find a really amazing price on a flame-thrower, at the Army surplus store.  A flame-thrower is one of those rare things that really creates a lasting first impression -- so you should definitely get it.
You will win 12,000 cases of peanut brittle today, on a call-in game show.  That's a LOT of peanut brittle, as it turns out.
Remember that silly song <i>The Monster Mash</i>?  Beginning today, you will start sounding a lot like the lead singer in that song.
Due to a bump on the head today, you will lose all memory of what you did with your keys.  Or at least, that always makes a dandy excuse.
Good day to buy chocolate for someone you love.
Someone will give you a card, today.  It'll be nice.
People will stare at you today.  Unknown to you, you are starting to look more and more like a large frog.  A career in basketball may be in your future.
A friend will ask your advice on a technical matter.  If you answer, you'll be blamed.  Pretend you don't know anything about it.
Today you will be invited to go on a 3 hour boat tour, which you think will be lots of fun.  It may last longer than you expect...
A man wearing two left shoes and a shirt with only one sleeve will approach you today, and try to interest you in a no-load mutual fund.  Trust him -- he knows what he's doing.
You will discover that you can wiggle your ears today, and will actually become quite good at it.  People will invite you to parties.
Good day to go out and play in the mud.  Or at least, find some way of making squishy sounds.
Another day of social convention defiance, today.  You'll refuse to wear clothes in the "normal" fashion (if at all), and you'll begin all your business correspondence: "My Darling Snookums:."
You will try to alleviate the boredom you feel by making something creative with twine.  Fortunately, it will work, but you'll need a lot of twine.
You will declare war on ham, today.  Possibly on all pork, not just ham.  Why?  Nobody will know.
Happy Frog Day!!  Let's hear it for our little amphibious friends!
Today you'll start a new rock group, named "SPAM Catapult", and kick things off with a really smokin' number combining the best aspects of reggae, rap, and polka.
Itchy nose day, again.  Just be glad you don't have to wear a spacesuit!
Today you'll suffer the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune, and believe me, that'll <i>hurt</i>.
Good day to take up knitting, on horseback.  Everyone needs an adventure.
Today you'll try the old "goat in a box" trick, on your new boss.  It'll backfire, though, and <i>you'll</i> be the one with the clown shoes.
Today you should sit down (someplace comfy), and ask yourself if you even care.  You shouldn't.  It's not your fault, you've been trying as hard as you can, so you shouldn't care.  Not if they're going to act like that.
A very pudgy cat will annoy you, today.
Today you'll go buy a white jacket, and start working towards your dream: the resurgence of Disco!  And you'll be successful, too!  Yes, over the course of your life, you'll get literally <i>several</i> people interested.
Today you will see a free floating full torso vaporous apparition!  It'll turn out that your glasses are smudged.
Today you will find a really <i>big</i> piece of lint in your pocket.  That's it, though, for today's excitement.
You will become trapped in the sofa, again.  People will point and laugh.
A package will arrive for you today, from a distant relative in Tibet.  Scarlet-robed assassins will begin following you.
In this world you have a choice between being clever, and being pleasant.  I recommend pleasant.
You will begin a bitter and drawn-out battle with a gopher.  You don't stand a chance.
You will hear a strange "clicking" sound today, as you are walking through the kitchen.  Time to trim the toenails, don't you think?
You will be able to get out of doing an unpleasant task today, by pretending you are a chicken.
Today you will discover a troupe of gypsies hiding in your bathroom.  They will leave when you ask them to, but you should expect a fair amount of grumbling.
Today you will rescue several hostages from a life-or-death situation, using only a banana milkshake and a length of twine.  Film at 11.
You'll become best pals with a large invisible rabbit, today.  Well, actually he's a "puka", which is a type of Celtic spirit, but he'll <i>look</i> like a large invisible rabbit.
You will spend the day attempting to rest, but whenever you fall asleep you'll return to the same nightmare of being transformed into a chihuahua, and will wake, screaming (in a very high-pitched, whiny, and annoying sort of way).
Good day to make a call from a pay-phone in a busy place, and say (in a loud voice) "You dumped the body <i>WHERE</i>?."
Today you'll idly wonder what ever happened to Alan Alda, since his MASH days.  Believe me, you don't want to know.  Neither do I (and I don't).  I just know that neither of us wants to.
Good day for a nice nap.
Today you will turn over a new leaf.  Good for you!  We were all getting a little tired of you, you know, as you were.
Today you will read a small booklet titled <i>How To Make A Fortune in Frog Farming</i>, which will change your life.
You will think of something hysterically funny, but not have anyone to tell it to.
Dogs barking.  Can't fly without umbrella.
You'll find more, and very "interesting", uses for cocktail umbrellas today.
You will stack furniture in the bathtub, today.  That's just the sort of thing you <i>would</i> do, your friends will say.
You will find yourself in a huge handbasket, before the end of the day, and it will be getting <i>much</i> warmer than you like.
You will be hired as a cook/housekeeper for 7 extremely short gentlemen, who all live together.  Stay away from apples, for a while.
You will walk into a door frame today, and people will smirk.  Remember though, they're smirking <i>with</i> you, not <i>at</i> you.
Today you'll become incensed at the thought that you missed out on all the fun during the 60's and 70's, and will change your name to "Sunflower" in protest.
Beware of bubonic plague today.  Other than that, things will be fairly normal.
A person wearing a frilly pink tutu will appear, uninvited, at your next potluck event.  He will become quite ornery, when you ask him to leave.
You will invent a new type of bath toy today.  It will bring you fame and fortune, although it will also be the cause of an embarrassing appearance on the Letterman show.
You will make some new friends today.  One of them will be on some sort of "sacred quest", which will make a good ice-breaker.  ("So...what's with the coconuts?")
Today will be a celebration of life, love, and art.  Also, the start of a nagging fear that you'll find out something terribly unpleasant while doing your taxes.
Good day to curl up with a good book.  Later, you will build a fort out of your furniture and some sheets, and shoot rubber bands at people.
A scruffy-looking fellow who you've never seen before will come up and offer you a very strange-looking raisin muffin.  Good idea to decline, in this instance.
A very short and hairy person will bother you today.  Unfortunately, you will be unable to ignore them, try though you might.
Angst day, today.
A good day to start getting your affairs in order.  You shouldn't be having affairs <i>anyway</i>, so the least you can do is tidy them up.
Hmm.  Hard to read this one.  The carrot stopped right between "kidnapped and tortured" and "wins the lottery." Probably a little of both, I'd guess.
That bad smell in the closet will get stronger.  Time to investigate.
Beware of celery.
You will have trouble with the telephone, in which, no matter what number you call, you reach "Mo's Leather Emporium." Don't take it lightly.
Today you will uncover a conspiracy, involving leaf-blowers and other noisy and completely pointless garden equipment.
Today is an excellent day to wink slyly at people, just as they are turning away.  When they look back, smile innocently.
You might consider picking up some holy water and a few stout wooden stakes.  They'll come in handy soon, although I'm not sure how.
Several extremely hungry creatures will look at you strangely, today.  Throw them a raisin cookie.
A large cement dragon will appear to be following you, although you'll never actually see it move.  Don't you just <i>hate</i> that?
Good day to stand on the sidewalk near a tall building, and stare up at the roof.  You'll meet some interesting people that way.
If you aren't careful, you may accidentally insult someone by a poor choice of words, and hurt their feelings.  In particular, the expression "hideously deformed" may not be as neutral as you believe.
You will meet a tough challenge in a very resourceful way, today, using only a Swiss Army Knife, a transistor radio, and oven cleaner.
Good day to do crossword puzzles in the park.  Life is short enough, without letting it get you all stressed out like that.
You will make pizza from scratch today (dough and everything), and will beam with pride.  As well you should.
You will contemplate nothingness today, but somethingness will keep intruding upon your thoughts.
Good day to call an old friend, and reminisce.  (It turns out to be much <i>much</i> harder to reminisce with a new friend.)
A strange package will appear on your doorstep -- a basket of fresh longan fruit, lined with a page from yesterday's Beijing newspaper.  This could be a sign...
Beware of iguanas, today.
An old nickname will surface today, much to your dismay, "Giggles."
A rare form of management disease will strike you today, where you can only speak in metaphors.  Still, you'll open the kimono and hit the ground running.
You will dream about arrows without points, tonight, and it will have a deeply spiritual significance for you.  You won't know what to make of the episode with the lime jello, though.
Excellent day to fly a kite shaped like a life-sized pterodactyl.  Try to get it to hover just outside someone's office window.
Privacy will be an issue today.  This may possibly be because a group of foreign tourists will follow you <i>everywhere</i>, smiling and nodding the entire time.
Today you will be up the creek, but you will actually have a very large number of paddles with you, due to some excellent planning on your part.
Yesterday's bathtub mystery will be explained today.  Still, you'll have no idea what to feed the penguin.  Pizza might work, I'd think.
You will unearth a small stone figurine, while digging in a garden.  If you set it on your television and put a small bowl of fruit in front of it, those unsightly warts should clear up in a week or two.
Today you will be seized with the urgent desire to buy a harmonica, which you will take everywhere with you, on one of those coat-hanger thingies around your neck.
You will spend another full day attempting to shuffle a deck of cards with your toes.  Fortunately, nobody will find out.
You will discover that by simply wearing a large amulet made of bones and feathers, and by carrying a blowgun, you can usually get a seat on public transportation, no matter how crowded it gets.
Excellent day to pretend to have various infirmities.  Pretending to have a hunchback is my personal favorite, and is often favorably combined with a drooling problem.
Today you will suddenly realise how <i>sensuous</i> pudding can be.  This will mark a turning point in your life.
You will decide to go into the swimwear market, and will become famous by making things out of stainless steel.
Tiddly wink day.  Make it count.
Today you will meet someone with a really "cute" sneeze.
Time to do something about that high blood pressure.  Have you tried leeches?
Today you will find that you can make an incredibly silly sound, and will spend the entire day making it, and then laughing.
Good day to invent an anti-gravity device.  Or at least, to tell everyone that's what you're doing.
Good day to use nautical terms in ordinary situations, and to refer to the different sides of your building as "port" and "starboard."
A dirigible will hover nearby today, and you will have the uneasy feeling that you are being watched.  You are, but so what?
A door-to-door arms dealer will stop by today.  Although you won't be entirely sure how you let yourself get talked into it, you'll soon be the first on the block to own a rocket launcher.
A new love affair will have you all misty-eyed.  Either that, or it's the onset of glaucoma, in which case you should seek immediate medical attention.
Good day to go around "nudging" people.
Today you will find yourself boldly charging through life.  That can actually get you in trouble, though, so you should really attempt to pay with cash.
Today you will discover a way to have your cake and eat it too!  Unfortunately, everyone else will think that's really disgusting.
You will receive a "Dear John" letter from a loved one today, but much to your relief, your name isn't "John."
Today you can have lots of fun by beaming at people, and telling them how fresh your brand of soap makes you feel.  If that doesn't work, try explaining how your detergent gets your shirts their brightest.
Several people, quite independently, will tell you moose jokes today, or otherwise attempt to discuss moose with you.  This is their subtle way of telling you that you're having a "bad hair day."
Today you will notice yet another large freshly-dug mound of dirt in your neighbor's back yard.  It's probably nothing -- he probably just digs at night if he can't get to sleep.  I know <i>I</i> do.
A haunting melody will float through the air this evening, with no apparent source.  It will turn out that a renegade oboe player is hiding in the shrubbery.
Squid day, again.  Try to make the most of it.  Perhaps you could go around with a bucket of squid, and give one to each of your neighbors?  Chances are you don't know them as well as you should, and this will make sure nobody feels guilty about that in the future.
Beware of rodents.
Everyone who drives by today will stick their head out their car window, give you a big dopey look, and flop their tongue around in the wind.  If you had known this was "act like a dog" day, you might have been better prepared.
Beware of galoots, today.
You will make people squirm, today.  Surprisingly, some of them will show remarkable talent at squirming.
Stay out of the Cheez Doodles today.
Today you will wear <i>way</i> too much cologne and make strange unconscious lip-smacking sounds.  You've been watching Comedy Night on The Subliminal Channel again, haven't you?
Good day to bring an asparagus sandwich and a nice thermos of Cream-of-Meatloaf Soup for lunch.
Excellent day for a bubble bath.  If you don't have a little yellow rubber duckie, you'll need to get that first, of course.
Today is a good day to crash through the underbrush, making loud snorting sounds.  Beware of poachers, however.
Today assa a joke, you willa make fun ofa how somebody talk.  You willa get beata up.
Beware of strangers bearing Cheez Whiz.
In an unfortunate turn of events, someone sitting across from you will have a peculiar variant of a bad hair day...a bad nosehair day.
Remember today: two wrongs don't make a right.  But three do.
Good day to make Mexican food.  Just don't drink the water.
Bad juju today.  Stay well clear of West African carved figurines.
Today you will lose your marbles.  Fortunately, someone will find them and return them to you.
Good day to bring your entrenching tool with you.  You never know...
Excellent day to study gastroenterology, or possibly to go bowling.
Good day to learn to play the tuba.
A man with a single eyebrow is following you.  You haven't borrowed any money lately, I hope?
Excellent day to do something new with bean curd.
Don't you owe someone a thank-you note?  If not, send one anyway -- that's always fun.
Old Neil Diamond songs will circle endlessly in your mind today.  I recommend screaming and pounding your head on the table.
You will have an odd dream in which a stadium filled with dogs looks on while a group of wiry runners chases a bunny around a track.  The bunny will be Miss April, I believe.
Beware of giant squids today.  Other than that, a good day for a nice walk along the beach.
You are being stalked by an invisible mutant from Planet 7.  Or at least, you'll find that this makes an excellent excuse for not doing those outside chores today.
Good day to take up crime fighting, as a hobby.  First, make yourself a really awesome leotard and cape, and maybe some sort of unusual headgear.  That's how most of them get started.
Today you will lie to yourself.  Amusingly, you will be completely taken in, and will be very annoyed later when the truth comes out.
At the same moment you read this, someone will be thinking about you and smiling.  In a moment, they'll be laughing outright.
You will insist on being called "El Magnifico", today.  There will be some grumbling among the peasants.
Today you will begin work on a life-size pterodactyl robot, which you will use to terrorize the city.  Either that or you'll take a nap.  It just depends what sort of mood you're in.
Your manager will be a twit, today.  That's ok, though -- it's what he's paid for.
Your ACME Rocket Sled arrives today!
You will have a hunch, today.  Perhaps you should try a firmer mattress?
Everyone you work with will bring Kim Chee for lunch, today.  They're just doing it to be difficult.
Excellent day to slurp soup.  Remember: if you're going to do anything, do it well.  Obviously, that includes slurping.
Today you will be struck by the notion that "Life is like one of those little cars that the Shriners get to drive." You have a mind of great depth and profundity.
Excellent day to fill some pantyhose with popcorn and do the reindeer dance.
Good day to begin construction of a labyrinth.  Everybody loves a labyrinth.
Leek soup day, today.  Despite your recent tendency towards shoplifting vegetables, I highly recommend you <i>buy</i> a leek, not take one.
Today you will be "mooned" by a cat.  Fortunately, you won't notice.
Good day to doodle.
Bad day to tease a yak.
And old friend will call today, who you haven't talked to in <i>years</i>.  He'll remind you that you owe him money.
Your car is possessed again, so you should swing by the exorcist on the way to work.  I always hate it when mine is repossessed...
Today you will discover a lot of money under your pillow!  Unfortunately, it won't begin to cover the cost of the dentures that you will also discover a sudden need for.
Today is <i>not</i> a good day to be yourself.  In fact, that might even be dangerous.  Be someone else, until further notice.
Everyone you see will be "power walking" today.  Ignore them -- they're just trying to get on your nerves.
Good day to power-walk.  It not only looks silly, it <i>is</i> silly.
Good day to bring home a bag or two of live bugs.
Good day to count your blessings.  Both of them.
Stinky feet day, today.  Don't go to a Japanese restaurant.
Today you shall laugh your bitter laugh.  You'll also sneeze your bitter sneeze.
Excellent day to make odd hand gestures at people you don't know.
Remember: people who live in glass houses shouldn't throw stones.  It's ok to throw mashed potatoes, however.
Beware!  Someone is about to come give you a hug.
You are being watched by a large penguin.  Act normal.
You are about to scare several people out of their socks!  It will turn out that they have very ugly feet.
You will be afire with enthusiasm today!  Unfortunately, someone will put you out.
You will write a newspaper article about the Internet today.  Why not?  Everybody else has.
Everyone you know will wear unmatched socks, today.  Actually, it's stranger than you think -- they'll all members of a pagan cult, and this is Sock Swap Day.
Beware of Doug.
Absolutely marvelous day to complain, grumble, gripe, or whine.  Remember: if you're going to do something, do it <i>well</i>.
Today you will order the dinner "special" at a restaurant.  You will regret this, however.  Why?  Okra.
Fortune will smile upon you today.  Actually, it's more of a smirk.
Try not to be too impulsive, today.  Ask youself if you really <i>need</i> that howitzer, or if you just think it'd be fun to have.
Excellent day to fritter things away.
You will wrestle with your conscience today, but will be disqualified for using an illegal hold.
Excellent day to be expansive and benevolent.  It will make people worry.
Nothing unusual today.  Unless you count that episode with the iguana...
Continue hiding.
Good day to wear tropical fruit on your head.
Excellent day to run a new metaphor up the flagpole, and see if anyone salutes.
Good day to bring donuts to a meeting.  Later, ask people how their diets are going.
Some strange "hooting" creature will hide in your bushes today.  You should be able to drive it off by whacking the bushes soundly with a kitchen broom.
Excellent day to make strange "hooting" noises, while hiding in the bushes.
Late in the day today you will notice that people seem to be staring at your nose.  Don't worry.  It's probably nothing.
Don't lose hope!  Conditions like yours are painful and embarassing, but often clear up on their own.
Good day to act extremely childish.
You are about to have an idea of almost mind-boggling brilliance.  Try to remain calm.
Stay well clear of anti-tachyon beams, today.
You will discover a bassoon player hiding in the shrubbery.  That's not something you should try to deal with yourself -- call in the professionals.
You will develop a sudden bizarre craving for a bologna sandwich on white bread with mayonaisse and iceberg lettuce.  Fight it!
Beware of short people.
You will soon learn to fear and loath the word "diaper." Don't know why.
Nothing especially remarkable will happen today.  You <i>will</i> get a strange urge to talk like Ziggy Marley, but it will pass.
During a walk in the woods, you will spot Mick Jagger.  He will be gathering moss.  You will find that strangely disturbing.
Avoid yodelling today.
You will hear screams coming from a Hungarian restaurant, while you are walking by.  Don't worry, though.  That's normal.
Try to avoid nibbling on things today.  Despite recent developments, you don't actually know your friend <i>that</i> well yet.
Don't go out today, without a spatula.  I can't say more.
Don't worry about your hair.  It's your breath that makes people look at you like that.
You will become a bit nervous when you spot the Feldsteins, next door, doing a Bantu war dance.  Perhaps you should call in sick today, and just stay indoors watching Wheel Of Fortune?
Excellent day to sneak.
Do not leave home without a ball of twine, today.  You won't actually need it, but it'll make you feel better to be prepared.
Good day to avoid pickled herring.
Excellent day to make strange mouth noises, particularly in a crowded elevator.
Today you will receive a gift horse.  Unfortunately, it will have a really horrendous case of gingivitis.
Today you will realize that your biggest problem is indecisiveness.  Or possibly procrastination.  Tomorrow may be a better day to figure out which.
While cracking your knuckles today, you will be a bit startled to hear a "ping" sound rather than a "pop." That's a bad habit, anyway.
Good day to learn ventriloquism.  Lesson 1: making squishy sounds when people walk by, in time with their footsteps.
Today will be mostly OK, except that you'll learn to pay more attention in the future to the phrase "Careful, filling is hot!."
Good day to mumble.
It's ok to spill the wine today, if you feel you really have to.  Under no circumstance should you dig that girl, however.
Today you will be either snug as a bug in a rug, or smug as a thug on a drug.  Hard to say for sure.
You will get the peculiar urge to go outside and roll around in something yicky.  Also, you'll notice your ears are getting hairy.
Time to stop beating around the bush.  Beat the bush <i>itself</i>.  Give it a good thrashing, and say "bad bush!" in a loud stern tone.
Excellent day to fidget.
You will be pestered by a small fluffy animal today.  Don't be taken in by appearances -- it's actually a mutant from outer space.
Good day to bring home an insectivore as a pet.
You look rediculous in that.  Go and change.
Avoid friends who've had sudden personality changes, today.  And always watch the skies.
Excellent day for unfettered optimism.  Tomorrow: fettered optimism.
Today you will begin to have nagging doubts about your feet.
It would be best, if you abandoned the Fez.  You aren't that type of person, and it's no use pretending.
Today is an especially bad day to try something new involving explosives.  Try to keep a low profile.
Good day to call an old friend, and reminisce.  (It turns out to be much much harder to reminisce with a new friend, although it's often entertaining to try.)
People around you are starting to look a bit complacent.  Good day to adopt a haunted expression and carry a large ball of aluminum foil.
You will have a rather unfortunate episode involving turnips, today.  Later, however, you'll be able to write a killer song about it.
Excellent day, today.  Unless today is your 15th birthday, of course, in which case you're destined to have a particularly embarassing episode involving a cat and an argyle sock.
Today is the day you will discover your larger cosmic destiny!  A television infomercial and an 800 number are somehow involved.
You will be struck by an odd thought, today.  Fortunately it will be only a glancing blow, and will do little actual damage.
Good day to go on a voyage of self-discovery.  Try to be back in time for dinner, though.
Today you will wonder where idiomatic expressions come from, and whether you can start one yourself.  Be careful, though.  The first person to say "nothing succeeds like success" must have sounded like a real idiot.
Good day to let your imagination soar.  Tomorrow: imagining you're sore.
You still have way too much to do.  You always have too much to do.  If you were any more behind, you would be able to kick yourself.  Ever try saying "no"?  Sheesh.
You will become embroiled in a serious dispute about food.  Feelings will be hurt.  Bygones will eventually be bygones, but not until you ease off on the Tabasco.
You will be misidentified, on national TV, as a renowned ichthyologist.  Several people will call you, long distance, to ask about the mating habits of <i>Tilapia</i>.
You will be plagued by feelings of inadequacy, and will have a feeling of ennui mixed with malaise.  But don't let it get you down!
You will begin a spiritual journey.  The karmic chaos which has surrounded you begins to settle into a new pattern.  Also, you will become strangely fascinated by electric juicers.
What are you looking <i>here</i>, for?  You should be on a spaceship, sticking a fish in your ear.  It's not like you didn't get enough hints.  If you are vaporized, it's your own darned fault, I'd say.
If you don't start flossing more often, the tooth fairy will be a constant companion.  Start taking better care of yourself.
You will be buffeted by hordes of people, who will all simultaneously show up in your office "just to chat." Eventually, you will make your escape by locking yourself in the bathroom.
Thirteen short bearded men will invade your living quarters soon, eat all your food, and drag you off on an ill-advised adventure, much to the amusement of an elderly gentleman of your acquaintance.
You will be offered a chance to go on a journey soon.  It sounds like fun, but you might benefit by looking up <i>La Isla Zancudo</i> in a Spanish-English dictionary before you pack your bags...
A creature from the 7th dimension will become attached to your leg, and will be impossible to remove.  Eventually, you'll simply get used to it.
While attending a s&eacute;ance "just for fun", you will be possessed by the spirit of Rasputin.  Surprisingly, it will be a good career move.
You are sad about an upcoming event, but can do nothing about it.  Try knitting -- people say it's wonderfully relaxing.
You've just finished something, but you're starting to wonder if it would be better if you tried it another way.  Forget it -- that way, madness lies.
When you were young, your heart was an open book.  You used to say "live and let live." But if this ever-changing world, which we live in, makes you give it a miss, say "live and let die." Or something.
Rhubarb pie is the only antidote for your ailment.  Trust me on this one.  Also, someone's been teasing your cat.
You will realise soon that you've missed your true calling in life -- that of a New Vaudevillian, a theatrical marvel of the Age of Cable.  Starting as "Professor Snibble and the Yodelling Pigs!", you'll rapidly achieve notoriety, and (much later, with a different act) respectability.
In a savage reaction against what you view as New Age Wooly-Mindedness, you will write a best-selling book titled <i>I'm Ok, You're A Twerp</i>.  Later, people will often regard you as having "defined" the current decade.
Your plans to take over the world move forward to the next stage, soon, right on schedule.  What you need now is a hunch-backed henchperson with pale protruding eyes.  Fortunately for you, a suitible candidate will soon show up at your door, dressed as a peanut.
You will discover what Shakespeare actually meant, when he wrote "Hey nonny, nonny", in <i>Much Ado About Nothing</i>.  It turns out that it was simply in-field chatter that somehow made it into the play, and that Shakespeare not only enjoyed softball, but was a reasonably good shortstop.
You will have an intellectual discussion with a potato, soon.  You'll be so caught up in whether it was Descartes or Voltaire who first advocated empiricism, that it will fail to strike you as a bit odd that the potato knows much of anything about 17th-century French philosophers.  In fact, it knows more about them than you do.  Later, that will irritate you.
Following up on your accidental observation of the "sock dimension" (remember that sock you saw re-materializing a while back?), you will invent a machine to let you cross over the dimensional barrier.  Sadly, you'll be one dimension off, and will pop into the lost pen & pencil dimension, where you will be severely poked.
You will develop the extremely rare "Perkin's Disease", and will start having a strange compulsion to shoot things with tranquilizer darts, or sell insurance.  Plus, you will try to trick your friend, "Jim", into wrestling a giant anaconda.
If you're not already a vegetarian, you will be.  Someone with the initial "E." will make sure of that.  Ed?  Ernest?  Dunno.  Someone like that.  E.  Coli, is what I see.  Odd name, huh?  Sounds Italian.
Your children will return, but they'll be unnaturally quiet and good-natured.  Eventually, you'll discover how the switch was made.
Twelve freshly cut rods (made from ash) will be found in a peculiar pattern on the lawn.  Two large black crows will watch you solemnly from the top of a parked VW Microbus.  The weather will turn colder, and the air, although clear, will seem grey.  Don't worry, though, it's probably nothing.
The world will be dim and grey, and cold.  Carrion crows will caw at you from the edges of the world, and deep cold water will rush by in rivers without names.  Ahead, on the peak of a mountain, is a glimmering golden light.  Either that, or you'll get gum stuck to your shoe.  (Sometimes these things are hard to read.)
You will quit your job, run away from home, and spend the rest of your days working on a shrimp trawler, under an assumed name.  Personally, I think that's over-reacting.
You will get a notion to become a street food-vendor, and will make yourself a food serving cart for the "Bulghur Baron." You will sell pint containers of hot bulghur wheat, cooked with sauteed onions, garlic, and other vegetables.  To everyone's amazement, you'll succeed fabulously, eventually making millions off the franchise rights alone.
A big spider will be waiting for you in the dark, chuckling its evil spider chuckle, and rubbing it's hairy legs together in a chitinously evil way.  Fortunately for you, someone else will come by before you, and will squish it without a second thought.
Have you ever considered adopting a new life as a "mountain-person"?  Living in the vast mountains and forests of Alaska, hewing an existence from the unforgiving wild Nature of our ancestors?  Nope, me neither.
Chaos will ensue, when you are accidentally hit by a motorist, just as a bus full of lawyers specializing in insurance claims is passing by on the way to a conference.  The bus will literally <i>erupt</i> into a heaving mass of clawing, screaming, and briefcase-bashing lunatics.  Eventually they'll take out a class-action lawsuit against you.
You will find a biography of some famous dead person, at a garage sale, and buy it on a whim.  It will change your life.  You will also soon take up bricklaying, as a hobby.
Your neighbors will have a wild party, which you'll catch glimpses of through the open window.  You'll know you shouldn't watch, but it's just hard to imagine how people can <i>do</i> that, especially on a trampoline.
It was a simple mistake, which anyone could have made.  What's more, now you know better.  I think, though, that the expression is too widespread for you to actually get it changed to "never look a gift horse in <i>either</i> end."
You will start having strange dreams of becoming an aquatic creature.  Eventually, you'll spend nearly all your time in the water, and will attempt to get strangers to throw you fish.
You will attain your dream of having your own cooking show, but it will become tiresome when you have to battle your way past people dressed as chickens to get into the studio each day.
You will independently re-discover an old Celtic trick, which will help considerably with an upcoming math test.  In particular, you'll find that painting yourself blue may do little for your own mathematical abilities, but it will be a significant distraction for everyone else.
An elderly Chinese gentleman will drop by for a visit.  You'll spend the entire visit in complete silence, except for the occasional clink of a teacup in a saucer.
You will finally get the television exposure you've been wanting, by organizing a group of protesters to block the entrance to a physics lab, holding crudely-lettered signs saying "Down With Gravity!."
You will have a secret rendezvous with a representative of a large foreign corporation.  The password will be "fling me a spicy burrito, Stanley." Unfortunately, you may have to say this to quite a few people before you find the right one.
It will turn out that someone you spend a great deal of time with is actually one of the last remaining <i>Sinanthropus</i> (Peking man), rather than an actual Cro-Magnon.  This will explain things you'd been wondering about.
While looking through comparative salary figures, who will discover that the job of "Villiage Idiot", in many metropolitan areas, pays better than that of the mayor.  Don't even consider a career change, though -- it's a lot harder that it sounds.
While poring over some old historical documents, you will discover that the Norman invasion was actually supposed to be the "Bob" invasion, but Norman stole the credit for it.  Sadly, it will turn out to be too late to change it now.
You will have a trifle too much punch at a party this week, and will amuse the other guests by flopping around on the floor an making "Ark!  Ark!" sounds.  But who cares?  If they want to be stuffy, let 'em, I say.
In an attempt to simplify your life, you will discard all of your footwear.  Later you will regret this, but will be too proud to admit it.
You will decide to change your life by taking up fishing.  Unlike the average person, however, you will be "strictly bass." One must have standards, after all.
It will turn out that all of your life up until now was just a peculiar dream, and that you are actually still only 2 years old.  You will find this vaguely irritating.
If you love someone, let them go.  If you hate someone, grab 'em and hang on like a dog with a stick.  Snarl a bit, too -- that's always fairly effective.
Unaccountably, everything you eat will remind you of wild hickory nuts.  This is the first sign of <i>Gibbon's Syndrome</i>, and you should seek immediate medical attention.  You don't want to end up getting arrested for eating your neighbor's shrubbery...
You are developing a strangely magnetic personality.  Soon people you don't even know will begin hanging around with you, hoping for some small sign of your attention.  Also, iron filings will begin sticking to the tip of your nose.
Beware the Ides of March.  Also, if you have a friend named "Brutus", it might behoove you to be a trifle more selective...
So, you've decided to have children.  Congratulations!  You, er, <i> do</i> know that giving birth has been somewhat unfavorably compared to pushing a flaming log through your nostril?  Just thought I'd mention that.
Things aren't going as well as they should for you.  The main thing to do is to find someone else to blame, and move on.
Uh oh.  The cows have come home, and the fat lady is about to sing.  Better come up with some new excuses, quick!  You can do that while you're coping with the unpleasant result of the cows coming home.
Dispite having a brilliant mind and a lot of terrific friends, you find yourself stagnating in a quiet backwater, with financial success nowhere in sight.  You will go into business for yourself, however, making frozen Piroshki based on your grandmother's recipe, and will become rich and famous.  Your grandmother will thwap you with her umbrella.
A martian creature named Yg, who is more than ten thousand years old yet has the disposition of a cranky two-year old child, is hiding under your house.  That's where the raisin-cookies have been going.
Your perfume or cologne has too much patchoulli.  Only an idiot wears patchoulli.  Or a witch.  Hmm.  Er, never mind.  Wear whatever you like.  I'm sure it's quite nice.
A friend will ask you to give her a ride to Main street.  You'll forget where you're going, though, and drive her to Distraction.
About your new idea...  Sure, I'll bet you could sell your handmade voodoo dolls by marketing them over the Internet.  The competition, however, can be "fierce." You might want to stop and consider how many flights of stairs you're interested in falling down, before you commit yourself to that course of action...
You're in luck!  What you thought was existential nausea is really only a mild case of salmonella poisoning.  So you can sell back that Complete Works of Jean-Paul Sartre.
You will spend a lot of time contemplating four-dimensional space.  Unfortunately, you'll keep getting distracted by things popping into non-existance around you.
Time to throw down the gauntlet.  Or, if you can't find a gauntlet, a ski mitten will do.  Just make sure you throw it down.  (That's one <i>heck</i> of a lot more fun than throwing it up.)
As a joke, you will put a remote controlled monster under someone's bed.  That will be really funny, although perhaps not quite as funny as when they put a <i>real</i> monster under yours.
You will get a new job, soon, in which your most important activity will be to periodically "jiggle a little thingie." While it will pay well, this will prove to be somewhat awkward to explain at parties.  Eventually you will hit on the ploy of saying you sell insurance...
There will be a great disturbance in the force, today.  Fortunately, it will be caused by a really funny lawyer joke sweeping through the Universe, so there's no reason for you to worry.
Today you will finally reach the breaking point, since that incessant pounding from your new neighbor's place is driving you nuts!  You will storm over there, but what you find will be very bad news indeed.  Your new neighbor is the Energizer Bunny.
You will be detained by the police today, on suspicion of having removed a tag from a mattress.  Eventually they will let you go with just a warning.
Time heals all wounds, yes.  But that's not really intended to mean that you should tie Time magazine around your sprained ankle.  It's a figure of speech, you see, not meant to be taken literally.  I have heard, however, that Newsweek is good for gout.
You must seize the opportunity that presents itself today, no matter what the consequences may be.  Remember: opportunity knocks but once, and absolutely refuses to ring the doorbell.
Good day to get a potted plant for your office, which you should name "Throckmorton." (The plant, not the office.  Obviously, "Throckmorton" is a completely inappropriate name for an office.  "Wiggins" is a good name for your office, if it doesn't already have a name.)
You will get a postcard from the Forbidden City today, containing some very unsettling news.  You won't realize that, of course, since it will be written in a language you don't understand.
As a joke, you will send off a resume for your dog to a company which wants to hire an extrusion manager.  Surprisingly, he will not only get the job, but will earn more than you.
Today you will suddenly and quite unexpectedly become fascinated by fishing.  You'll spend all your spare time looking through lures, and will videotape all the fishing shows.  Don't lose hope, though -- while there is no known cure for your condition, there's a team working on it at MIT.
You will discover that your manager was frequently taunted with a rubber chicken during his formative years.  This will go a long ways towards explaining some of the things you'd been wondering about.
You will discover an odd amulet in an old curio shop, which is made entirely of holmium and yttrium, and which strongly interferes with the normal functioning of electronics.  Best not to play with things like that.
You will be overly impressed by a commercial for a golf club, which describes it as a "weapon of incredible range and power." You will make people nervous by referring to your pencil as "a weapon of incredible pointyness and surprise."
You will discover a sure-fire method of fooling all the people, all the time.  It will have something to do with Cottage Cheese.
Despite your best efforts, you will be unable to get your book published.  But all you really need to do is change the title!  "A Comparative Study of Invertibrate Parasites" is <i>not</i> likely to be published.  But "A Bucket Full Of Leeches"?  Now <i>that's</i> another story.
People are starting to take you a bit too seriously.  Try wearing your bunny slippers to work.
You are always running out of things to say, at dinner.  Try memorizing a whole lot of facts about commercial fish farming -- that's always a good topic for discussion.
You will soon send off for plans to build your own hovercraft.  Your scheme to disguise it as a giant floating eyeball is a bit silly, though.  Personally, I'd make it look like you were wearing a giant hoop-skirt, in which case the engine sound and levitation might easily be passed off as a rather unfortunate case of intestinal gas.
You are about to invent a night light in the shape of a chess piece, which you will name the "Nighty Knight." You should be ashamed of yourself.
You will inherit millions, along with a rather elderly butler named Hodgson.  You'll have a nice time.
You are about to have an unfortunate episode involving insects, grape Kool-Aide, and a revolving door.
Beware!  The Celestial Jade Emperor may banish you to the Big Grumpy Place if you don't start paying more attention to the four Winds.  Obviously, this is a metaphor, somehow involving Cleveland.
You will notice an odd stone "egg" in an antique shop.  Don't bring it home.  They're <i>very</i> hungry right after they hatch.
People will begin complimenting you on how clean you are.  You will find this strangely irritating.
You will be followed by an evil-looking man in an old green Ford pickup truck.  Surprisingly, it will turn out that following people is just his hobby, and you have nothing to worry about.
You will invent a new type of bath toy today.  It will bring you fame and fortune, although it will also be the cause of an embarrassing appearance on the Letterman show.
You haven't been sleeping well, but that will soon change.  You will develop the knack of falling instantly asleep whenever you want to -- either at night, or during boring meetings.
Good day to put strange labels on your binders and file cabinets, such as "launch codes", "who's been naughty", or "Snerge." This will be quite effective in distracting visitors, so they will often forget what ever they were preparing to bother you about.
A tricky situation will arise today, but you will rise to the challenge and draw it to a satisfactory conclusion.  Oddly, you will hit upon the right thing to do by suddenly recalling an old Gilligan's Island episode.
You will aquire a slight sniffle, today.  (A sniffle is a cross between a dachshund and a cairn terrier, bred especially to spot helicopters.)
Time for a career change.  Have you considered the exciting and lucrative career of "despot"?  One of the nice perks about that is that you can wear a rediculous hat without people laughing at you.
You will be followed by people who look suspiciously like shoe salesmen.  Try to remain calm -- they can sense fear.
You will discover a horror almost beyone imagining today -- your home is inhabited by the ghost of an insurance salesman.  Who you gonna call?
You will discover that you've always had the power to go home, simply by tapping the heels of your bunny slippers together.  Unfortunately, as you will also soon discover, it's not <i>your</i> home.
Good day to ponder the parable of the itsy bitsy spider, and the futility of climbing up water spouts during spring weather.  You'll be able to apply this lesson to one of your current relationships.
You will begin making strange facial expressions, completely unconsciously, in which you push your lips out as far as possible.  Also, you will begin spending hours staring at tropical fish.
You will have a visit from "The Scourge of Valderia." He's thin, small, balding, wears little round glasses, and dresses in a rumpled blue suit.  Still you <i>don't</i> want to cross him.
Due to minor lymph-node infection, several dangerous toxins will shortly be released into your bloodstream.  Not to worry.  You'll survive, and the only permanent brain damage will involve an enthusiasm for polka music.
You will overhear a whispered conversation, regarding how cute it is the way someone wiggles their tushy when they walk.  You will have an uncomfortable feeling that they may be referring to <i>you</i>.  This may make you a trifle self-conscious.
Beware of turnips.
A member of your family will be involved in a tragic accident with an electric nose-hair trimmer.  This will affect your attitude towards product liability lawsuits.
In a daring intellectual coup, you will translate a collection of Zen koans from Chinese directly into Jive, in an attempt to combine the best elements of philosophical thought and emotion.  You will title the collection "Yo Mama By The River."
Despite protests from a variety of organizations, you will organize a charity event called a "squid fling." Due in part to excellent media coverage, you will be quite successful.  Mostly, though, you will succeed because nearly everyone has a secret desire to fling a squid.
Remember: Unexpressed feelings don't die.  They are buried alive and emerge later as Border Collies.  So don't hold anything back!  Tell everyone what you REALLY think of them!  You may lose your job, family and friends, but you won't have a crazed, hyperactive animal hounding your every step.
You will accidentally hit yourself on the head today, while putting away the dishes.  While you won't be seriously injured, you will begin having strange dreams that you are a half-witted Leicestershire workman living in the year 1771.  When you wake up, you won't really know if you're a present-day person who dreamed of being a half-witted workman, or vice versa.  You'll also have the odd impression that someone named Lao Tsu is laughing at you...  (That part is true.)
You will be traumatized by an episode with a stapler, today.  You will be unable to even <i>look</i> at a stapler for several weeks, without trembling.
Today you will discover that you are capable of "channelling", when you start spouting ancient sumerian curses at a short little dweeb who cuts you off in traffic.  You will start taking notes in cuneiform.
You are being followed by a quiet, rugged man wearing cowboy boots, jeans, a large silver belt-buckle, a faded plaid flannel shirt with the sleeves rolled up, and a Carmen Miranda hat.  Perhaps you should hurry.
In a rather bizarre and unfortunate turn of events today, your lips will go ballistic.  Shortly thereafter, your Ziggy Marley accent will kick in.  You will be comforted to know that those are simply the first two signs of a "spaz attack", which is more common than most people realize, and usually non-fatal.
Today you will flip a coin 4 times, and it will come up "heads", "tails", "heads", "heads." Then someone will come up and say "hey, whatcha doing?" Then the phone will ring.  Just a coincidence, though, in this case.
You are about to start a band, with friends, which will be called "Rainy Daze." You will choose that name primarily because one of your group simply doesn't care for "Clenched Buttocks" as a band name.
Tomorrow is a good day to wear your lucky Rocketship underwear.  Try not to leap into rooms while shouting "Hark!" however.
Good time to institute "show and tell" at the office.  Why should kids have all the fun?  You could break the ice by bringing in your stamp collection, no?
You will be attacked by a man wielding a ham sandwich.  Fortunately, you will remember your self-defense lessons, and should be able to drive him off using a bunch of celery.
Today you will be overcome with a sudden strong urge to learn to play a wooden flute while cavorting around in the forest.  I recommend you treat those separately at first.  You'll find what you need under "Music, Instruction" and under "Cavorting, Instruction." Don't get talked into buying any cavorting supplies, though -- they're really only needed by professionals.
While attempting to stifle a yawn today, you will accidentally make a loud "smooching" sound.  Try bringing out your pager, and saying "these new models sure have some interesting sound options, don't they?" I find that works well with several other forms of involuntary noises, as well.
Excellent day to go into politics.  Make up a new government position, such as "Regional Manager, Dept.  of The Posterior", and put up hundreds of posters of yourself.  With any luck, it will be years before anyone notices that there is actually no such job.
Today you will discover that there is nothing more silly than a silly laugh.  A silly nose wiggle ranks pretty highly, though.
Benjamin Franklin said: "If you would like to know the value of money, go and try to borrow some." You're not sure this is an accurate indicator of the value of things, however.  At least not after having tried to borrow a toothbrush...
You are about to leave a footprint in the sands of Time.  The editors of Time would prefer it if you'd ask permission first.
Try being entirely honest for a week.  That's a fine way to develop a clear conscience.  Personally, I prefer my method, though -- a poor memory.
So.  You let your "mole plants" die.  Now the moles are back, and this time they mean business.  No more Mr.  Nice Mole.  Try burying a line of eucalyptus cough drops along your property line.  If that doesn't work, there's a chance you can buy a nuclear warhead from Ukraine.
You've been yodelling in your sleep, again.  Is it any wonder that you've been having trouble with your romantic relationships?
You will develop a passion for Cajun cuisine, and will refuse to eat anything that hasn't been "blackened." Your family will draw the line at blackened corn flakes, however.
Excellent day to just walk down the street, going "Doo wah ditty, ditty dum ditty doo." I'd stop short of taking a walk on the wild side, though.
Good day to wear overalls and discuss bean farming with retired people at a diner or family-style restaurant.  Or at least, that's a lot more fun than what you'd be doing otherwise.
You will become embroiled in yet another argument about crustaceans today.  You will easily trounce your opponent, who will leave in a huff.  He's just being crabby, if you ask me.
Today you will deliberately annoy people by standing too close to them when waiting in line.  Tomorrow: standing just slightly too far away.
By careful detective work and a hidden pressure-sensitive scale, you will discover that the young woman next door weighs the same as a duck.  Be careful!  And if I were you, I'd put your duck on a diet.
It is a joyous time to vaccuum.  Yes, you'll have more fun than you can stand, pushing that new vac around.  So what, if other people don't understand?  Unfortunately, an evil asian gentleman named "Fu" will kidnap your beloved vaccuum cleaner, a few years from now, and you will be faced with an ethical dilemma.  Enjoy life while you still can, is my advice.
While channel-surfing by remote control, you will accidentally happen upon a secret US government channel, and will overhear people in the Pentagon talking about their success with several operatives code-named after various amphibious creatures.  A sudden horrible realization will strike you.  Either that, or you'll get jam on your shirt.
You will rest peacefully, and sink into a strange dream.  In the dream, you will be playing an odd version of soccer with huge clear balloons, and people will be cheering you on from the sidelines, who are dressed in white formal attire.  Don't go into the light.  The extra point isn't worth it.
You will be granted a religious experience of startling significance, similar in some respects to the accounts of statues of the Virgin Mary weeping.  In this case, however, she will sneeze.
Unleash the power you have chained inside you!  Just don't let it make those annoying "yip yip yip" sounds or pee on the lawn, this time.
Remember to put a disclaimer at the bottom of your report, to say that it doesn't necessarily reflect the views of your management, or, for that matter, of any other carbon-based life form.
You'll go out to dinner with a new person, soon.  Remember the advice of my old Uncle Stonebender, though: "It's fine if someone eats like a bird, as long as they don't have kids."
It's ok to whistle while you work.  Your co-workers will draw the line at yodelling while you work, however.  They're probably just jealous.
Remember: loose lips sink ships.  The really strange thing is, nobody's ever been able to explain to me why ships have lips in the first place, especially if they're that risky.
Hmm.  Hard to read this one.  The carrot stopped right between "catches horrible disfiguring disease" and "loses everything in major earthquake." I guess you can pick whichever one you want, in this case.
The bad news is, you're competing for that new job with a Hindu goddess.  The good news is, if you think YOU have trouble figuring out what to do with your hands during an interview...
You will join the ranks of the <i>hipster cognoscienti</i>.  It'll be fun at first, but later you'll start secretly craving casseroles, and it will eventually become such an intolerable pressure that you'll abandon your pale, pierced friends with the clever haircuts and move to Minnesota.
It's time to stop beating around the bush.  Move on to beating around the ornamental shrubbery.
You will find happiness.  It will look a lot like tranquility, only a bit fluffier.
You will finally figure out what the problem is, with your car!  Basically, it has developed a sense of humor.
You will meet someone who you haven't seen in a long time, and will barely recognize them.  At least not without the spiked collar and the whip.
Your ancestors were berserkers -- feared warriors who attacked without fear or common sense.  You will soon enter the same state of mind, and when you finally "snap out of it", you will find an enormous pile of peeled potatoes and family members edging towards the door.
Everyone will stare at you like deer in headlights this week at the office.  Actually, you will later decide that driving your car around inside the office may not be your best-ever idea.
Excellent time to race one of those little Shriners cars up and down the sidewalk twenty thousand million times.  Also, you'll meet an angel, but don't let on that you know who she really is.
Not a good time to discuss sauerkraut.  At least not if you value your friendships, and your sanity.
You'll find a penny when you are out for a walk.  Surprisingly, it will be the key to a wonderful change in your life.  The trick is just to figure out what you can do with a penny, these days.
Your morning grumpiness and sluggishness will vanish soon, when you discover that the problem was just using the wrong type of deodorant soap.  Soon you'll be stepping out of the shower, grinning like an imbecile!
Good time to be happy-go-lucky!  You'll find that works out a lot better than the sad-go-accident-prone you've been trying.
Soon you will start work on a mystery novel, "The Curse Of The Mummy's Nose", told from the point of view of your cat, Erik.
You will accidentally throw your back out.  Not only will that really hurt, but the trash guys will get really surly when you ask for it back.
You will see an ancient symbol appearing in the whorls of your fingerprints.  That, combined with the dreams of apocalypse may make you worry.  I wouldn't though -- it's just a vitamin B12 deficiency.
Excellent time to take up weasel ranching.  Or at least to claim that's what you do, at parties.
You will go into business making those little sugar packets that restaurants use, and make a fortune.  The restaurants will have to use fewer of yours than anyone elses.  Is it due to the pictures on the packets, of really fat people?  Who knows.
You will discover a new "5th law" of Thermodynamics.  The first law says "you can't win." The second law says "you can't break even." The 5th law, however, says "never draw to an inside straight."
You will find yourself using a very old spreadsheet program, soon.  So old, in fact, that the columns have to be either Doric, Ionic, or Corinthian.
You will decide to write a letter to the editor.  "Who is this 'Al Ninyo' guy," you'll say, "and why don't they just lock him up?"
Nobody knows the trouble you've seen.  Let's just hope you can somehow keep it that way!
Bad day to call someone a "whiney gen-x cybercowboy." Tomorrow's better, for that one.
It will occur to you to wonder, what if Jesus had actually said "The geek shall inherit the earth", but was just misquoted?  Then you'll think of Bill Gates.  Then you'll start to worry.
Someone will ask "How are you?" for the millionth time.  You should celebrate the occasion by having a speech prepared - something embarassingly intimate is usually best.  "Glad you asked, Bob.  I'm having a darned tough time getting rid of these pesky genital warts, for one thing..."
Excellent time to show the world that plaid and stripes do <i>too</i> mix.  (Tip #12 of Arnold Pinknobble's "How To Get Noticed.")
Good time to start on your trophy collection!  (You can have them made for yourself, you know.) Personally, I've won the "International Tiddly Wink Open" three years running.
You will invent a cool machine that will automatically make over 800 different varieties of coffee drinks.  Unfortunately, everyone will go back to drinking just plain coffee.
Excellent time to start a new company, making software to help people with mental problems.  You will call it SchizoSoft.  Your motto: "Who Do You Want To Be Today?"
In one of those amusing misunderstandings that often happen due to bad phone connections, you will show up to go on a hike with something unexpected.  If you stop and think about it, you'll realise that it isn't that likely someone would say "It may be cold, so be sure to bring a goat."
Good time to learn to play the harmonica.  If you get one of those coat hanger thingies to hang around your neck, you can even play it while you're typing!
You may be drinking a little bit too much coffee lately.  That could explain why everyone else is moving so slowly, or why they say "What was THAT!?" in a verrrrry slow, deep voice, every time you walk by.
Excellent time to hum popular songs, just slightly off key.  If you do that long enough, the people around you will change in appearance.  You'll be able to see the veins in their neck, for one thing.
You are coming down with a truly horrendous cold.  The kind of cold that makes everyone else miserable, just by looking at you.  That's just the kind of inconsiderate behavior people are starting to expect from you, too.
This will be a very happy week for you.  And you know what they've been saying about that for thousands of years, don't you?  "Happy Good!  Me Like Happy!"
You've been complaining too much, lately.  You might find more to enjoy in <i>your</i> life by watching a documentary about a lot of people starving to death in miserable third-world slums.  I know that always cheers <i>me</i> right up!
Time to develop new friendships, and possibly to get a new hair style.  Personally, I'm working on the "wacky inventor" hair style, in which I wash my hair at night and go to bed with it still damp.  It's not a look for everyone, however.
A good time to learn to laugh at yourself.  Or, develop multiple personalities!  That way you won't be laughing <i>at</i> you, you'll be laughing <i>with</i> you.
Family problems again.  It'll be just like that Rolling Stones song, about how you "Can't Always Get What You Wa-ant", except that in your case, you can replace one of the words with "Ever." Try being positive and future-focused.  Also, pretend you don't speak English.
You feel like you're slowly being crushed at work, in a mental and spiritual sense.  Perhaps travel would refresh you?  For spiritually beneficial travel, I usually consult my neighborhood Astral Travel Agency.
You will be forced to re-evaluate your boss' IQ, when you discover that he is looking forward to the release of "Titanic II."
Good day to use the expression "just dandy" as much as possible.  Tomorrow: "okey dokey" day.
Something will start to bother you, and you will eventually have to ask someone to explain it.  The thing is, some birds have very acute hearing - so WHERE ARE THEIR EARS??
Time to make a bold new fashion statement.  What's the reason for matching socks, anyway?  Why are people so obsessed with sartorial symmetry?
You may lose sight of what is truly important to you, if you're not careful.  In other words, it not whether you win or lose, it's whether you end up with your leg in a cast for 3 months.
You will find a renewed interest in home repair or remodelling soon.  Oddly, that will occur shortly after a visit by your nephew.
This is a time when you need to hold on to your dreams.  Or in other words, reality is becoming too much for you, and you should try to escape into a bizarre fantasy life.  Heck, it works fine for Ross Perot, doesn't it?
Nobody knows the trouble you've seen.  Except for Bob, that is.  You know - the quiet neighbor, with the binoculars?
You need to work harder on your friendships.  Why, you sometimes don't even like yourself that much, do you?  Be nice to yourself this week - buy yourself some flowers or a nice gift.  And stop suspecting yourself of having an ulterior motive!
Time to look for a new job.  You should be able to find work as a surgical assistant.  And stop worrying so much!  Everyone else lies about their background, too.
Having trouble sticking to that diet, aren't you?  It's even harder when you see all those enticing commercials for fast food on TV.  The trick to dealing with those is to use your imagination - mayonaisse becomes shaving cream, a burger becomes coompressed compost, and everything else is coated with synthetic motor oil.  Which, these days, is pretty close to the truth.
You've about had it with one particular fool in your life.  Have you considered investing in a tranquilizer gun?  Mine comes in very handy, especially at work.
This week, you'll discover a trick to make those meetings seem more interesting.  Imagine that everyone else has a ferret clinging to their head.
You've been a little down lately, and it's time to snap out of it!  You've got to smell the roses while there's time, since you're not going to live forever.  Which is good, since you're already seeing hair in funny places...
You will discover the secret to becoming a great artist!  You can stick anything you want on the wall, the trick is to make people think deep thought went into it.  For example, spray-paint a bathroom plunger gold, and stick little angel wings on it.  Call it "Life In The Details."
Your neighbor thinks his dog is so smart, it's starting to bug you.  The thing to do is cover a book with a book cover that says "Quantum Physics for Dogs", and train your dog to lay next to it, along a pad of paper covered with scribbled equations and a chewed-on pencil...
You will develop a strange fascination with steamed vegetables.  Which is OK.  Much better than, say, an enthusiasm for steamed toast.  (Whenever someone asks me what kind of toast I want, I always say "To Friends, Old and New!")
Someone nearby will read something out loud to you soon, which you might consider fairly obvious - such as "Blows to the head are a common cause of brain damage." The best reply to this is "Huh?"
This week you will discover the first of the Three Big Secrets Of Success: It's really hard to fail, if you have no purpose.
A coworker is going to steal one of your best ideas and claim it as his own.  That's about what you should expect, though, from a cow "orker."
Remember: it usually helps convince everyone you are right, if you jump up and down and yell.
Good week to greet everyone with great enthusiasm.  For example, "Bob!  You're still alive!" (Everyone likes to feel appreciated.)
This week you will angrily tell someone that you are more than just a name and a number!  You are also punctuation!
What you are about to do is wrong.  Of course, you will only find that out much later.  For now, enjoy yourself!
Good time to invest in flowers and a card.  Sometimes no occasion is the best occasion.  Just like sometimes no disfiguring disease is the best disfiguring disease, I guess.
Your slogan for the week should be "Carpe Dium", or "Sieze the Day!." Once you sieze it, give it a good shake, just to prove you mean business.
This week, you are the bug and everyone else is the really huge shoe.  Your objective: don't be noticed.
You will soon accidentally discover why it is that so many things "taste like chicken." It's because they <i>ARE</i> chickens, in clever disguises.
Good time to consider capitalizing on the wave of 70's nostalgia that is sweeping the land.  Why not try making shag carpeting?  At least you should sit around in your beanbag chairs and discuss it.
You are at a turning point in your life.  Turn left.
Excellent time to do some personal reengineering.  I mean, face it - your mother simply wasn't much of an engineer...
Someone will ask you what you want to do this weekend.  That may seem like a good time to say "What am I, psychic?" It's not, though.
This week you will feel like corn.  Just not like having any.
Someone who you really dislike, who is arrogance personified...will be nice to you.  This is a good time to be afraid.
Drip, drip, drip.  Dunno.  Something like that will be in your life, soon.  I'll bet it's something good!
Good time to wear WAY too much cologne.  Well actually, that's generally not a problem for people who wear cologne.  Usually, they have no sense of smell.  (Oh come on - you think they'd do that on purpose??)
Time to commit some random acts of kindness.  I have developed an algorithm for this.  The next time someone asks you for a quarter (or any small coin), take one out of your pocket, and toss it in the air.  Heads, give it to them.  Tails, put it back in your pocket, and tell them you haven't got any.  Or whatever - remember, the important thing is to be RANDOM.
Your main problem?  You're not eating NEARLY enough strudel.
You've been finding that the best-laid plans of mice and men often go astray.  Or is that awry?  Awiggly?  It's something along those lines.  Anyway, the thing to do is to fire your mice.
Someone you don't like will make repeated attempts to talk to you today.  The best way to handle this is to stuff extremely crunchy food in your mouth during each attempt, and then mumble "What?" while looking at something slightly over their left shoulder.
This week will find you explaining gender roles to the clueless.  For example, men MUST continue to channel surf on the TV, no matter how interesting the show is that they stumble onto.  Women must watch what shows up on the channel they're watching, no matter how boring it is.  It's just how these things are done.  Women commit and regret it.  Men don't commit and regret it.  It's in our genes.  Some kind of adenine/guanine/trampoline chemical thingie.
Good time to be logical and willing to admit error.  This will amaze and confuse everyone, and some of them will be so flustered that they'll try it themselves.  Just don't keep it up for too long - you might get "stuck" like that, and go through the rest of your life like some kind of freak!
This may be a good time to take up squid farming.  Provided that you can figure out what type of hat to wear, that is.
You will tend towards simplicity in your life.  The Voluntary Simplicity movement has been gathering momentum lately, so you'll have plenty of company.  And heck, who cares if it's "voluntary", right?
You've always felt, like Socrates, that the unexamined life is not worth living.  There's no need to use a microscope, however.
You will find that it is true - everything is better with the addition of either chocolate or garlic (but not both).  Well, except for running shoes, that is.
In a strange turn of events, it will turn out that people wearing glasses not only look smarter, they ARE smarter (and have better memories).  You'll forget all about that when you take off your reading glasses, of course.
Good time to invest in collectible things you never had any use for.  Susan B.  Anthony dollars may make a good start.  (Unlike your usual investments, the value of those can only plummet so far...)
Your requests are being ignored.  Often you can get people to pay attention by simply adding a few words to the end of your request, such as "Pick up your socks, dear, or die screaming."
Good time to get involved in the Fiber Arts.  Why not see what you can do with Metamucil?
It's about time you became better acquainted with mustard.  Get yourself 7 different kinds of mustard, and try them with oven baked home fried potatoes, or in sandwiches with good bread and fresh vegetables and some excellent Swiss cheese.  My granddaddy Stonebender always used to say "Take a big enough bite of strong mustard, and your other problems will seem insignificant."
Someone will turn a cold shoulder to you, and your feelings will be hurt.  You'll get even by turning a tepid elbow to them, later.  Just don't let it escalate to the blazing ankles stage, is all.
Soon you will find yourself at another dull party, where the only person you know is who you came with.  You'll need to use Tip #39 of my book "101 Ways To Break The Ice": Ask someone who they are, after introducing yourself.  When they say their name, repeat it back to them as "YOU'RE Bill Smith???" "Uh, yes" "Well, you sure can't believe everything you hear, can you?" "What do you mean?" "Well, it's just that you don't look at ALL like a weasel, you know?  Or at least, hardly at all."
You will accidentally step on someone's foot, and they will say "Ow!." That's when I usually say "No pain, no gain." Sometimes people don't like me.  I've never figured out why.
You will go to a wedding soon, at which you will be uncomfortable.  You'll have fun throwing rice, though.  In fact, chances are good that you'll take up rice throwing as a hobby.  "It's not just for weddings any more," you'll say.
In a strange form of protest against the new trends in personal adornment, you will make mooing sounds whenever you see someone with a nose ring.  Coincidentally, some of them will say "Hay!"
Nothing ventured, nothing gained, is the rule for now.  In fact, "nothing" will play a very large part in your future.
Good time to become involved in a secret plot to overthrow someone or something.  Personally, I think your best bet is to start small.  You can pick up some tips in "Overthrowing Things For Fun And Profit" by Kwan No, M.D., Ph.D.
Something is about to become overly intimate with you.  Intimacy can be good.  Just not with fungus.
You've been trying to sell your car, and it just isn't going anywhere.  Sometimes it helps if you have a name for your vehicle, to give it more character.  I call mine the "Millenium Falcon." My passengers often become irritated at being called "Chewie", though.
You will discover a small flaw in your character.  Meditation and Ginseng tea might clear it up.  Or if not that, then a few gallons of cheap wine and an adventure involving a cart filled with garbage, some gold coins, and a goat.
It will occur to you that there may be something behind the heroic and daring exploits of people in commercials for snack foods.  You are absolutely right - in fact, snack foods can be dangerous if over-indulged in.  I once wrestled a giant anaconda after downing a bag of Ranch flavored potato chips and a Hostess HoHo.
Good time to compliment your friends.  If you can't think of anything else to say, tell them they're looking "very buff." That will leave them pleased, but slightly uneasy, and they'll spend a lot of time looking in the mirror.
As a joke, you should put an 8-foot-tall mucous-covered "egg" in your friend's basement.  Then, when he or she goes down to do a load of laundry...
Someone will ask you for your advice.  Don't give it!  Or if they insist, simply shake your head solemnly, and mutter "Much bad juju", and refuse to clarify.  They only want a scapegoat.
This is a good time to get out there and make a difference!  I'm often tempted to do that, but I just can't figure out where "there" is -- every time I get there, it's here.  Maybe if I run really fast?  Oh well, if you figure it out, be sure to make a difference.
Someone will tell you that you "run funny." Just ignore them.  (And be very glad they didn't see you throwing a baseball.)
You've been getting tired of the same old "look", day after day.  Maybe you should get a tattoo?  I'll bet people with tattoos never get tired of 'em!
You will spend this week trying to get to the bottom of things.  The good news is, you will succeed!  The bad news is, the bottom of things is sometimes ugly, and often smells bad.
Noticing a picture on a colleague's desk, you will comment "I've never cared for those hairless cats." That might not be a good thing to say.  Newborns can be a bit blotchy, and new parents can be a bit touchy...
You will come up with a theory about people - that you can learn a lot about them, simply by removing the first letter of their name.  For example, Ron -> On.  That's why I'm on-line.  That also explains why Hugh acts so primitive, sometimes.  And if I were you, I'd avoid Alice.
You will discover a secret about the Spice Girls - most of them can't tell Cumin from Coriander.  In fact, some of them are vague about whether Black and Red Pepper come from different types of plants.  You will quite sensibly decide to avoid going to their place for dinner.
Unknown to you, people think you are a wimp - just because of your weak handshake.  You need to get one of those hand exercisers, and use it constantly for a few months.  Then, crush their little hands into pulp!
You will invent a new type of lingerie, and will make millions.  The stripes are the key to your success.  You will call it "Ze Bra."
Those spiders are growing larger around your house, and it's becoming more of a challenge to escape.  You may want to consider acquiring a flame thrower.  (Hint: illicit nuclear dump nearby.)
What fun!  You'll be called in to a special meeting at work soon, where someone will have a "pink slip." Sounds like party attire to me!
Bad news: people think you're becoming paranoid.  Isn't that just typical, though?  I mean, they don't even HAVE invisible malevolent air-squids spying on THEM, do they?
Things haven't been going well for you lately, and you're sinking into a fairly ugly bit of self-pity.  You merely need to count your blessings!  (1) You've got a tremendous talent, which some day may be in demand, (2) You're almost normal -- LOTS of people have extra appendages, (3)...
It's about time you learned some more recipes dealing with zucchini.  Lots and lots of zucchini.  You'll need one of those new Martha Stewart "Kitchen Shovels", I'm afraid.  The good news is, you'll find several nice zucchini recipes in my new cookbook "Recipes For Disaster" (the sequel to "Another Fine Mess").
You'll become part of the Formal Attire Resurgence movement.  Be wary of the Casualist Party though - there's someone out there just dying to spit on your spats.
Later this week you'll feel much like Scarlet O'Hara did, when she said, "I'll never be hungry again!"
You will write some office email soon that positively sparkles with comic irony.  You'll be asked to knock it off.
Due to forces beyond comprehension, you will begin talking with a Texas accent.  Eventually, you'll come out with audio tapes to teach this to others, which you will call "Bubba-Bonics."
You've got to learn to slow down.  You're driving yourself and everyone around you crazy.  Just pretend that your life is a Prince Valiant comic strip.
You're about to spend a considerable amount of time with someone who personifies "dour." The kind of person who never once clapped for Tinkerbell, even as a child.  Just ignore them, if you can.  If you can't ignore them, pretend they are a duck.
This might be a good time to refer to your roommate as "Watson" and say things like "The game's afoot!." Eventually, you'll be able to reconstruct an entire evening's events from a spilled drop of raspberry vinaigrette.
Today will be especially trying, and if you're not careful, you could end up in a pretty grumpy frame of mind.  Take precautions!  Wear your E.T.  underwear.
This might be a good time to decide what you want to be when you actually do grow up.  I'm guessing that you'd be best off as either a yodeling oceanographer, or possibly a bovine pathologist.
It's time for you to consider being kinder to your feet.  And stop taking them for granted!  For example, when's the last time you sat down and had a nice friendly chat with them?  Do it today!
You're having trouble getting your elderly relatives to pay attention to you.  Have you tried talking with a Scandinavian accent and using a soap bubble machine?  That, and accordion music, always do the trick for me.
Tomorrow when you wake up, you'll make an unpleasant discovery.  Sometime during the night, you'll have been visited by the nostril hair fairy.
You will join a team, and have lots of fun.  I'm not sure what sport it is, but the team name will be "The Screaming Weasels."
You will vow to always tell the truth, but it will backfire on you.  Most people find that kind of behavior highly suspicious, and more than a little deviant.
You know that how you dress will invevitably send a message to those around you.  In this case, your message is "Help!  Help!"
Bide your time, and don't do anything rash or in anger.  Remember: Revenge is a dish best served cold, with a light bearnaise sauce.
If you keep going the way you are, you'll soon be fit as a fiddle!  (And as you know, a fiddle is very buff, for a stringed instrument.)
You will find that if you deliberately mispronounce "sir" as "sair", you can answer a lot of questions with either "yes air" or "nose hair."
Ever had one of those times when you ask someone "What are the crunchy things in the oatmeal?" and they say "Crunchy things?" Soon, you will.
You will soon need to look older than you actually are.  Bushy eyebrows generally do the trick.  You'll find that a little rubber cement and a pair of sleepy hamsters are just what you need.
Soon you will get into accounting, "just for the thrill of it."
This is a good time to start becoming a connosieur.  You have to take that one thing at a time, though - e.g.  nobody is going to become a wine connosier overnight.  Start with something that's fun to say.  Pumpernickel, for example.
You will come across a matchbook that will change your life.  Inside the cover it will say "You too can be a criminal mastermind!"
You will finally begin your novel!  This is very good, since if you'd decided to write a screen play, you would have had to move to California and drive a taxi.
You will mosey, this week.  There's nothing that wrong with moseying, after all, and it's occasionally just what is needed.  In fact, you'll soon begin work on "Mosey Your Way To Fitness", a best-selling self-help book on the topic.
Remember: good people are good because they gain wisdom through failure.  Happily, there's every reason to believe you'll become much better soon!
Ian McHarg once said, "Man is a blind, witless, anthropocentric clod who inflicts lesions upon the earth." You will come up with a brilliant rebuttal to this, soon.  You will say: "So?"
You find that after all these years, you are finally beginning to conquer your fears.  You will find that oddly frightening.
You will finally come to understand what Mies Van der Rohe was talking about when he said "Less is more." He was talking about his brother, Lester Van der Rohe, and was referring to a small weight-gain problem.
If you want someone to change, it's often good to give them a painful option and a less painful option, and let them choose their own course.  For example, "Do you want to pick up you own wet towel, dear, or would you like to have a live weasel stapled to your leg?"
Confucious said "Choose a job you love, and you'll never work a day in your life." Confucious was a Harvard man, you know, with a huge trust fund.  He certainly never "worked" a day, himself.  I wouldn't take what he said too literally, in your case.
Remember that those who do not learn from history are doomed to repeat it.  Normally that's not a big deal, but since your accounting department just changed its name to "The Mongol Horde", you might take notice.
You need to do something about that nervous laugh.  Practice an "evil laugh" and use that instead.  Then at least, you'll be able to hear everyone else's nervous laughter.
Life is beginning to bet a bit stale, isn't it?  Whenever that happens to me, I concoct some sort of prune-related recipe and send it off to the food editor of the local daily.  You might give that a try.
This is a good time to remember Einstein's advice, to make things as simple as possible, but no simpler.  That applies both to theoretical physics, and in your case, to dinner.
Try to praise in public and criticize in private.  Just never, ever, criticize privates.
Remember - every cloud has a silver lining, and every problem is an opportunity in disguise.  So next time you see a problem, just imagine it without the fake nose and glasses.
It's time to start setting higher goals.  Don't get stuff to make a salad and then let it rot in the fridge.  Get stuff to make several salads, and start your own compost pile!
You need to stop accepting responsibility for your own life.  Everything is actually the fault of that darned liberal media, you know.  You'd be nearly perfect, or at least much thinner, if it wasn't for them.
Pinch your pennies, this week.  Next week: fondling your nickels.
You need to be a bit more brusque, to cut down on your interruptions.  Stay just this side of gruff, however - and make sure you don't stray into crustyness.
You, for one, have just about had it with all this "Globalization." Time to go on a diet!
Why did life develop in this fragile boundary between earth and sky?  Because life exists at the edge of chaos.  You'll find that is particularly true, this week.
To your chagrin and horror, you will find yourself humming along with "muzac" in the grocery store.  It's the beginning of the long slow slide, I'm afraid.  Next stop: collecting "nick nacks."
This week, try to live your life based on the ad copy of a men's cologne.  For example: "The mood of the sea, and the spirit of the wind" (Cool Water, by Davidoff) Or perhaps: "Disturb the equilibrium" (Catalyst for Men, by Halston)
You may have to share a hotel room with a business colleague, to save travel expenses.  Here's a tip to keep them from talking all night: bring along a teddy bear, and punch it really hard in the head a few times at bedtime, screaming "Shut up, Mr.  Teddy!  Shut up!."
Soon, through no fault of your own, you will catch someone underlining words in a library book.  It's just one of those signs, you know?  Before the Apocalypse.
This is a good time for you to start your on-line loan shark business.  Start small, though.  Try to be sort of a "loan piranha", at first.
You should look into some of that new "dream interpretation" software.  That recurring dream about being naked in a hot tub with the Pope and Bill Gates is probably a really common one.
Time to start looking for a new car.  Try to find one with more personality, this time!  (And less of a sense of humor.)
Good time to get your finances in order.  Luckily, in your case that simply means putting the one dollar bills in front of the fives, in your wallet.
Your next fortune cookie will say "See?  We told you it taste like chicken!"
Remember: you can't tell your boss to get lost.  You can, however, give him the wrong directions.
Another one of those excrutiatingly boring meetings today.  Try to liven things up by summoning one of the people back from the dead.
It's time to get a new perspective on your job.  Try to think of work as a great big funhouse.  Just without the fun.
You're fussing with your hair too much.  Perhaps you should temporarily cut back on shampoo.  Or at least demand real poo.
You just need to start believing in yourself.  Try getting other people to clap their hands, if they believe in you.
This may be a little late, but heck, late is better than never.  You know when they said to shop naked?  They meant shopping on-line...
You are being followed by fierce warriers of the Nez Perce tribe.  You know - those guys with the little frameless glasses on the chains around their necks?  Not surprisingly, many of the Nez Perce became fierce librarians.
Everyone's talking about Nostradamus these days, but nobody ever remembers his first name.  Except you.  People may think it's pretentious of you to talk about "Bob Nostradamus", but who cares?  They'll all die when the comet hits, anyway.
You should give your car a name, so people will be more impressed when you give them a ride.  I think you should call yours "The Federation Starship Intrepid." And always do that little two-finger wave and say "engage", when you start off, of course.
Your window of opportunity is rapidly closing!  Don't worry too much, though - the screen door of possibility is still ajar.
That new employee seems honest, and is a really hard worker - so who cares if she wants to wear a studded dog collar?  You'll have to draw the line at butt sniffing, though.
Relationships are a lot like tables.  One leg is love, one is trust, one is shared pleasures, and one is shared dreams.  Lasting relationships need all four legs for balance, to hold up the burden of your troubles.  In your case, though, you'll never get rid of that irritating wobble.
Lately you feel blessed with great abundance, as though your cup runneth over.  Basically, you just need a bigger cup.
A romantic episode will take you by surprise.  Tip: the important thing to remember when dealing with circus performers, is not to suggest having a "fling."
You will be "on the move", soon.  Especially movements of a gastrointestinal nature, as it turns out.  Good day to stay close to home.
Your popularity is on the rise, at last.  People think of you as warm and fuzzy, and have a secret desire to hug you.  Don't let them see you during a full moon, however.
Sometimes you need to take one step back to make two steps forward.  In this case, you'll need to go considerably further back.
Try not to attract attention today.  This might be a good time to learn the art of disguise.  Forget about camoflage suits, though - I tried wearing mine to the mall, and people could still see me, even when I crouched and remained very still.
Good day to embrace diversity.  Wear mismatched shoes.
A bit of investigation is called for, today.  Look for clues that seem out of place.  Also, check with the man behind the curtain.
You'll get your big break today!  Try not to blow it.  And stand up straight - shoulders back!  That's better.
Too much "musk" in that cologne - don't try it.  Or if you do, bring along a few carrots for the moose.
Today's a good day for original thinking and bursts of creativity.  Also, not a good day to wear flammable clothing.
Money will come from an unexpected source.  If you put it in a mesh bag and run it throught the washer, you'll get most of the smell out.
It's time to move on to bigger and better opportunities.  Be sure to be outrageously nice to everyone until you leave - they'll only remember the last bit, anyway.
Uh oh.  Mars is out of alignment, again.  Not a good day to hang out with stupid, violent, heavily-armed ex-convicts.  Save that for tomorrow.
Focus on financial issues today.  It's OK to keep putting your money in your mattress, but you might want to switch to paper money.  (It's less jingley.)
Good day to try impressing someone in authority.  Why not show them how good you are at making under-arm noises?  That's always good for making a lasting impression.
Excellent day for light conversation.  Good starting points might be "Have you ever thought much about death?" or "Where's the strangest place you ever had sex?."
Try to think of life as a game, today.  For fun, make up new rules.
This will be a very musical day for you, today.  Next time, try to remember the Beano(tm)?
Today you will discover Pablo Picasso's secret.  He didn't deliberately invent cubist art.  He just liked painting accident victims.
Not a good time to go forth and conquer.  Try going fifth, and hover in the background.
Your ship will come in today!  Unfortunately, you won't have anywhere to put it.
Put all your eggs in three baskets, today - metaphorically speaking, of course.  You can kiss your first two baskets goodbye.
Today will be one of those days when everything reminds you of wild hickory nuts.  Tomorrow: everything reminds you of peach yogurt.
Don't worry -- that fortune cookie was wrong.
Oh go ahead.  You know you want to.  Besides, nobody is watching.
Good day to get yourself one of those aromatherapy candles that you see in gift stores.  Try "Love" or "Inspiration" for example.  (Avoid "Death" or "Decay.")
Not a good time to put all your eggs in one basket.  In fact, what's this sudden egg thing about, anyway?  Perhaps you should see someone.
Good time to go into business making measuring spoons.  Good ones to start with would be a "smidgeon" and a "pinch."
More trouble with that annoying "bluebird of happiness" today.  With any luck, the cat will get it.
Beware the toilet plunger of Doom.
Good day to focus on simplicity and order.  For a simple dinner, for example, order pizza.  See how easy that is?
Let the golden sun of happiness burn away your inner fog of disgruntlement.  Remember: gruntled people are more fun!
Life will deal you an interesting hand soon.  Which is OK, although an interesting foot would have been better.
Sadly, nobody will like your latest recipe invention.  Perhaps the world isn't ready for a meatloaf smoothie?
This might be a good time to consider night school.  That's night, not knight.  Unless you enjoy clanking around in armor, of course.  Some people do.
You might have that mole on your back checked out.  It may actually be a gopher.
Watch out for vines, today.  Sometime's it's hard to tell the difference between a vine and a creeper, until it's too late.
Beware of Chihuahuas today.  Actually, any day is a good day to beware of Chihuahuas.  They're not intrinsically evil like minivans, but they're definitely a step in the wrong direction.
Excellent time to make up your own names for kitchen implements.  You'll discover that you don't have nearly enough sticklers, but that you have every reason to be proud of your flatula.
Remember: it's a pride of lions, a gaggle of geese, and a murder of crows.  More important for you today, though: a group of budgies is a "bludgeoning."
An apple a day will keep the doctor away.  Another tip you should consider: fresh figs can be used to avoid plumbers.
Good day to make as much goulash as possible.
Today you will get a wrong number phone call.  See how long you can keep them on the line before they figure it out.  Extra points if you can get them to tell you their height and weight!
Excellent day to shuffle your feet.  Remember: it's OK to shuffle your feet or to shuffle your cards, but you should never shuffle your nose.
Good day to get into the groove.  Be groovy.  Try saying that out loud.  Go on...  groovy groovy groovy!  Oh yeah!  Tomorrow: being hep-cat-daddy-o.
It's time to tell your friend to quit wearing that rediculous goatee.  Why not recommend a sheepee, instead?
This might be a good time to learn how to really "flick" your fingers.  You never know when a good flick will be needed.  I'm betting it's soon, though, in your case.
Your relationship is reaching the point where you may as well discuss the Big Question - there's no point in going further if you don't see eye to eye on that.  By Big Question I'm referring to "crunchy" versus "creamy", of course.  Why, what did you think I meant?
Today you should enjoy "postlaunch solarizing." Q: What does that mean?  A: How should I know?  It's your life, you tell me.
This might be a good time to recontextualize your imponderables.  If you know what I mean.
You will invent a modernized version of the ancient game of horseshoe throwing.  You will call it "hubcaps." This will have several advantages over the older game, not least of which is that a car doesn't kick the crap out of you when you try to steal its hubcaps.
Try to avoid things that are squooshy today.  Especially giant green squooshy things that probably came from outer space.  (Hint: most giant green squooshy things are, in fact, from outer space.)
Everyone you work with will start spending a lot of time balancing things on their nose.  This could be bad.  You may have a renegade seal trainer lurking in your midst!
You'll need to find a present soon - you're almost out of time.  Try to find a good deal on a dibble.  Everybody needs a dibble.  Some people even like a double dibble, but if you ask me, that's going too far.
A friend will ask you for help, but you should turn them down, silently, with a sad little shake of your head.  When they ask what's wrong, sigh deeply, and mutter "nothing, it's nothing."
Today you will overhear people talking about you, and realize that you're an incredible bore who nobody likes.  Go to the library and ask the librarian for advice.
An old flame will call today, and invite you to lunch.  It's actually a trick to try to get you involved with AmWay.  Also, check page 5 of the newspaper for something you've been waiting for.
Today you will be overcome by a desire to learn a new skill, probably knitting.  Resist it.  You will read something about power tools, in a magazine with a blue cover, which will change your life.
Today you will make new friends, one of whom will eventually borrow a large sum of money from you, prior to skipping town.  Try to avoid fatty foods.
Today you will get one of those pimples that just suddenly appears, and you will only notice it when you glance in the mirror after a very important meeting.
Seek out new life, and new civilizations, today.  Boldly go where no-one has gone before (just don't get caught).
You will have a grilled cheese sandwich and tomato soup for lunch, and will receive a phone call from a man named "Sven", but who tells you his name is something else.  Don't believe him for a second.  He will be very impressed that you knew his actual name.
You will call someone today, who will insist on calling you "Sven." Humor them -- act impressed.
What ever you do today, don't panic.  Remember to bring a towel.  Government bureaucracy figures heavily in your life, soon.
You will decide that you like the name "Sven" better than your own, and you begin encouraging people to call you that.  Eventually, you will have your name legally changed.
You didn't sleep well, last night.  You won't sleep well, tonight.  In fact, chances are very good that you'll be tired and cranky for the rest of your life.  Try to think of this as an opportunity to grow, spiritually.
Today you will buy a package of those birthday-party confetti-blaster thingies, and will rig booby traps for several of your friends.  One of them will die of a heart-attack, due to the surprise, and you'll be plagued with horrible undying guilt for the rest of your life.  Plus, you will run out of toothpaste, today.
Today the universe will stop expanding, and start contracting.  You will be the only one who notices.  Also, you will develop a strange desire to wear golf shoes.
You will have left-over lasagna for lunch.  This is odd, because you don't remember the lasagna being made in the first place.  Just one of those little mysteries that haunts you in life.
Today you will wake up with a nasty crick in your neck, combined with a periodic twinge in your back.  Everyone who sees you will be left with the impression that you are being either aloof or spastic (or both).  Also, you will spill soup on your best shirt.
You will go on a boat ride, and a deranged bunny will swim towards you in a threatening manner.  Unfortunately, this episode will be caught on videotape by a tourist, and your dreams of a political career will be forever dashed.
Secret society day, today.  Don't join -- no matter how much you like the secret handshake.  Also, good day to swear off pickles.
Two people near you will engage in sudden, violent, rubber-band warfare.  You will be caught in a crossfire, and severely thwapped.  Next time, consider wearing protective headgear indoors.
Today you will dredge something up from the collective unconscious, but after a moment's reflection, you will toss it back.  Also, you will make an embarrassing sound in mixed company.
Today will be a complete waste of time.  You will at least learn to spell "equaminity."..er..."equanimbity"...no...hmmm.  You will learn to spell a word like that, today.
Today you will use the phrase "hep-cat daddy-o" one too many times, and your friends will tie you to a chair, and gag you.
Arachnids will be especially troublesome today.  Chances are only fair that you will make it through the day without tangling with one or more giant Amazonian tarantulas.  Keep a stick within reach, is my advice.  A big stick.
You will spend most of the day attempting to tie knots in a piece of cord, using only your toes.  You will be unable to say why, but this will seem like a useful skill to you, at the time.
Today you will discover a hair growing in an odd place.  Don't worry about it, unless the odd place is your eye.
A tomato features in todays cuisine.  Sadly, that's going to be your pinacle of excitement for today.
An odd smell, probably like that of chocolate milk drying on a linoleum floor, will bring back a flood of childhood memories.  You will remember your locker combination from seventh grade, for example.  Ironically, this will happen during a boring yet important meeting, and you will disgrace yourself by calling someone "booger-face."
Today you will realize that you've always wanted to have the biggest ball of string in town, and will start collecting odd bits of string at every opportunity.  Eventually, you will make it into the Guiness Book of World Records, right next to the Giant Happy Tape Ball</b> record set by Mr.  S.  Boondoggle.
A huge red balloon will float by you, today, being pursued by a small person of the French persuasion, and a film crew.  If you wish to cause cross-cultural mirth, cross your eyes, talk in a high pitched voice, and whack yourself in the head with a baguette.  Otherwise, don't.
A relative will be seriously injured today, when a man dressed as a huge shrimp abandons his post at the opening of a seafood restaurant, steals an experimental hovercraft, and crashes it into your relative's motor vehicle.  The worst part is, the insurance company will refuse to pay a cent.
Strange things continue to happen.  Today you will put on a long-sleeved shirt, only to discover that the sleeves now extend past your fingertips.  You didn't say anything inappropriate to an elderly British gentleman with strange green eyes, recently?  Let's hope not.
Beware of men on stilts, today.  (I'm sorry, but professional ethics prevent me from revealing more.  You'll understand, though, when the "situation" occurs.)
Today, by practicing for hours in the mirror, you will finally be able to keep a "stiff upper lip." Much to everyone's surprise, it will prove to be an excellent boost to your career.
You will be attacked and beaten by a group of Nuns.  When a baffled pair of mounted urban police drag them off you, they will refuse to say why they were attacking you, and will sulk.
In a stroke of pure marketing genious, you will start a company to sell fresh-roasted peanut butter door-to-door.  Your sales people may find the peanut costumes a bit uncomfortable, at first, however.
Today you will meet Klive Dinky, the proprietor of Klive Dinky's Tropical Dream Vacation, and Spa Salon.  He will turn out to be much shorter than you ever imagined.
You will be harassed by cats today.  Hungry, irritable cats.
It's time to seriously consider indoor golf.  How else are you going to use terms like "mashee" or "niblick" in casual conversation?
You will watch a lot of TV today.  But that's ok, if that's really what you want.
Noodle day #2!  "The Revenge Of The Noodle." Today you will learn to make a really killer recipe for szechuan noodles, which will contain both chili-garlic paste and whole peanuts.
Today you will find a small speckled egg, shimmering a little, in the fireplace.  If you keep it warm in a 350 degree oven for 3 weeks, it will hatch into a small dragon, and then eat you.
A huge spacecraft will hover over your dwelling structure today, and secretly analyze you down to the last parasitic microbe in your epidermal layers.  They will be on the point of making contact with humans, and offering us technology to cure all illness, let us live indefinately while looking like healthy 20-year-olds, and give us the ability to travel interstellar distances in an eyeblink...when they spot you making something with SPAM.  After a bit of horrified bleeping at each other, they will zoom off, never to return.
Try to be logical, today.  It's your only hope.  (Which is considerably better than it would be if your "only hope" was some old geezer on the desert planet Falderol and you had to send a robot shaped like an underarm roller-type deodorant off to find him.  But not as fun.)
Your butler will quit, today, in a tiff.  Since you can only view gif and jpeg, though, it will be quite some time before you realize that.
Today old Monty Python skits will keep running, unbidden, through your mind.  The only cure will be to be to drink a glass of a fine Australian wine, which has a bouquet like an aborigine's armpit.
A man with a large nose will attack you with a sword today, while composing free verse in archaic French.  Luckily, he'll get stuck trying to come up with a word that rhymes with "l'orange", and you'll have time to slip out the back way.
A hexapod robot will run away from its laboratory today, change its name to "Bob", and take up residence with you.  Eventually, you'll become best friends.
Your feet will continue to trouble you today, although you won't be quite able to put your finger on what's wrong.  You haven't been that flexible in years.
Your butler will return to work today, and pretend as if nothing had happened.  It's time for you to compromise, and give up those new argyles.  It's for the best, in the long run.
You'll accidentally eat one of those fried szechuan chili peppers today, and it will bring tears to your eyes.  This will strike you as odd, given that you will be eating a ham sandwich at the time.
You will narrowly avoid a collision on the sidewalk today, as a small giggling person runs past you, being hotly pursued by a weeping incoherent person waving a ham sandwich.  Aside from that, a pretty typical day.
An elderly gentleman next to you on the bus will spontaneously combust, today, and you'll become an instant celebrity when you put him out with a Slurpee (tm).  Eventually, they'll make a prime-time TV drama about the incident.
Good day to buy a stereo microscope, and examine that stuff under your toenail.  Well, as good a day as any.
Would you just Stop?  Nobody else feels the need to dance around like that...
More fun with twine, today.  Isn't it great!?
Three kings from arid countries will wander by, leading their horses, and apparently searching for something.  This will seem innocuous at first, but later, you'll start to worry.
Don't do that.  Your face could get stuck that way.  Oh, I'm sorry.  I hadn't realised it already did...
Today you'll develop a rare mental disorder, causing you to mix metaphors.  But don't you worry -- you can't make an omlette without a silver lining, and in this case, you'll discover that everyone will confuse mixed metaphors with management potential.  BIG promotion in store.
Today will be the best day of your life, if you can just remember ...  er ...  now what was that?  Hmmm.  If you can just remember something really important.  Otherwise, no.  Hmmm.
Your mind will go blank today.  You won't mind -- it'll be a refreshing change from the raging torrents of thoughts that have been pouring through you lately.  Plus, you'll get to stretch out in a sunbeam and take a nice nap.
I'm sorry, I'm not allowed to argue any more, unless you've paid.
You will go to a Chinese restaurant and decide to try something new.  Don't do it!  It's not as good as your favorite.
A project you started a while ago takes on nightmarish proportions, today, as you realize that you've been suckered into a hideous task.  Fortunately, you will be able to get out of it by feigning death.
An older friend will avoid you today.  Have you considered using any of the vast number of breath-freshening products that are available, these days?
You will discover a large deposit of gold, when you're out on a stroll.  Unfortunately, wealth will not make you happy.
You will be on your way downtown today, when you will be struck by an odd thought.  Fortunately it will bounce harmlessly off you.
An eldrich fiend will hover at the edge of your sight, tonight, as you look out your window.  Not a particularly good day for a midnight stroll.
Today you will find the word "impecunious" popping unbidden into your mind, at regular intervals.  Eventually, you'll go look it up in the dictionary.
Due to your supreme skill at an obscure video game, you will be abducted by aliens, and asked to save their race from anihilation at the hands (roughly speaking) of evil creatures from between the stars.
You will find a many-legged creature under the fridge.  Unfortunately, it will be the size of a small horse, and actually will be making off with the fridge, when you spot it.  My advice?  Let him have it.
Slow day today.  Surprisingly, it will be due to a time/space anomaly caused by a localized anti-tachyon surge, and will mainly occur in your neighborhood.  Time-flow should return to normal soon.
You will develop a severe craving for peanut butter cookies, today.  You know -- the fresh homemade kind, that you squish down on the cookie sheet with a fork, making a cross-hatched pattern?  They are incredibly yummy when they're still warm, like that, huh?  I don't know where your craving will come from.  Possibly something you read.
Today you will uncover astonishing proof that the dinosaurs died out due to a retrovirus contagion.  Furthermore, you will find evidence of a government cover-up of research that indicates the same thing is likely to happen to humans.  Don't worry, though.
You will be sucked into a multi-level marketing organization today, and will lose all your friends, along with your self-respect.  Later, though, you'll realize that your new friends are much better than those old friends, and that you feel like you're part of a big "family." Or at least, that's what you'll say.
Good day to buy lava lamps at garage sales.  Once in a life-time opportunity.  Also, if you happen to spot a white 100% polyester leisure suit with bell-bottom pants and a really large lapel, buy it on the spot.  I know *I* would love to have one.
Your relatives may try to have you committed, today.  Luckily, through a series of amusing misadventures, they will fail.  You and your large invisible friend will simply shrug it off, of course, since it's not in your disposition to hold a grudge.
You will discover that you can raise one eyebrow by itself, but not the other.  This will aggravate you, and you'll spend the majority of the day in front of the bathroom mirror, trying to correct the situation.
I see you making a special trip to the store today, to get something.  It's in a sort of yellow-ish little box, about the size of a toothpaste box, I think.  It's "prep-something"?  Ah!  "Preparation"-something, I think.  Oh.  Ahem.  Anyway, if it's any consolation, I hear that Jet Fighter pilots have that problem much worse than most people.  All that acceleration, you know.  Don't worry -- your secret is safe with me!
Stay home today, with the curtains drawn and the door locked.  Trust me on this one.
A man with a large machine will enter your house, and make you totally miserable.
Today you will realize that it's impossible to truly "control" anything, even yourself, and that the best you can hope for is to have some "influence" over yourself and your surroundings.  This will make you feel better, before the pink slip arrives.
You will tell a total stranger that you're "sick and tired of salad", today.  The stranger will recoil in shock and horror.
Nobody will notice your new haircut, which you will find intensely irritating.  It's not as if you always had an irridescent green mohawk, you know?
You will feel tired and run-down today.  This may possibly be because of the marathon you ran yesterday, and the taxi that ran into you near the finish line.  Just a guess.
Good day to review what you know about hamsters.  I think that's all I should really say, except possibly that it's often considered impolite to see how much food you can pack into your cheeks, when dining out.
You will be accosted today by several of those people who think only of themselves, and who believe that "sharing" is something that little kids have to do.  Despite this, I recommend against turning them over your knee and spanking them -- unless you think you can get away with it.
You will lurk, today.  There's nothing that wrong with lurking, after all, and it's occasionally somewhat refreshing.  In fact, you'll soon begin work on How To Lurk, a best-selling self-help book on the topic.
Good day to defy convention.  Be yourself.  Buy a fedora, for example, and wear it indoors.
Yogurt day today.  Did you know that some "natural remedies" books recommend squishing yogurt (the kind with active cultures) in your hair, to relieve dandruff?  You should give it a try.
You will sneak out tonight, with a box of navel oranges under your arm, and grinning an evil toothy grin.  When you wake up tomorrow, you will remember nothing about it.  That's just the way these things work.
You will be strangely drawn to an odd glass sculpture in an antique shop.  The proprietor will show it to you with some hesitation, and will be visibly perspiring when you buy it.  You'll hear an almost anguished sigh of relief from him, as you leave with it.
In a surprising twist, the failure of another large London-based bank will be blamed on you, today.  C'est la vie, non?
Musical inspiration will strike you today, and you'll invent some sort of new instrument that looks like a Hoover vacuum bag with a few bits of odd plumbing sticking out of it.  The good thing is, the instrument will rivet people's attention to such a degree that you can indulge your tendency towards cross-dressing without anyone noticing!
You will finally find your spirit guide today, and your life will take on new meaning.  Unfortunately for you, your spirit guide will turn out to have a sense of humor.
Nobody will understand you today, and it will be impossible to get the simplest idea across.  For example, even such a basic concept as "please untie me and take this gag out of my mouth" will only cause people to stare at you in confusion.
Once you're that far behind, there's really no way to get caught up.  You might as well do something fun instead.  You can tell them I told you it was ok.
After years of study in higher mathematics, and a fiendishly complicated topological proof, you will finally be able to prove that half a loaf is exactly 7.412 times better than no bread.
Your plans for a do-it-yourself replica medieval catapult will arrive today!  Soon, your neighbors will become nervous (but you can explain that their fears are groundless -- you couldn't possibly hit anything that close with it).
You will go on a potato binge today.  Baked, fried, scalloped, stuffed, mashed, whipped, and hash-browned.  Just stay away from the tater tots, for your own good.
You will casually mention the German term for "exit ramp", and bring a conversation to a rapid close.  That's hardly your fault, though, is it?
You will rest peacefully, and sink into a strange dream.  In the dream, you will be playing an odd version of soccer with huge clear balloons, and people will be cheering you on from the sidelines, who are dressed in white formal attire.  Don't go into the light, ok?  The extra point isn't worth it.
Good day to appreciate the beauty and wonder of life, and to see how far you can spit.  Other people may find that incongrous, but you'll see the inner truth, and it will set you free.
Go find something flat, and scribble on it.  People have been doing that for tens of thousands of years, and it's mostly been ok.
Today is the second-to-last day, of the 19th segment of your life.  Time to learn to appreciate tofu (bean curd).
Ooh!  Oh.  I should have warned you.  I'm sorry.
Boisterous day, today.  Try not to be much more irritating than is absolutely necessary.
Today you will break all the resolutions you made yesterday, and you will grin.
You will get together with several friends, and start an extremely exclusive club.  Mostly, this will just be so you can have your own secret handshake, of course.
Good day to excavate.  You will find the ruins of an ancient civilization, and become famous.
Good day to learn a new trick for dealing with people who come by your home to try to sell you something.  Open the door v..e..r..y slowly, and squint at them.  Then resume sharpening a large kitchen knife, while they are talking at you.
Today you will decide to have a bit of illicit fun, and will slip bits of dry pasta into other people's pockets, shoes, etc., when they're not looking.  My advice: don't get caught.
You will become unwittingly embroiled in a turf war between rival Chinese restaurants, today, as you step off the sidewalk to avoid a person wearing an extremely large hat.  Before the day is over, you'll find yourself angrily hurling potstickers at people you've never met.
Today is the day you will discover your larger cosmic destiny!  A television infomercial and an 800 number are somehow involved.
You'll have a freakish number of plumbing difficulties, today.  This is due in part to the age of your plumbing fixtures, but mostly it's because Neckna, Queen of the Undines, has taken a strong dislike towards you, due to some rather harsh words you've had to say about the weather lately.
The mythic asteroid Chaeron, in collaboration with the uneasy spirit of Atahualpa (the last Inca king), will act to produce a gastric upset of epic proportions, today.  Keep your chakras clear, and carry some Immodium.
You will begin an evil project, in secret.  You will be successful.  Although why you want to produce a cross between a St.  Bernard and a chihuahua is anybody's guess.
Today you will bolt up from your bed, grinning like a maniac, and shout "labor omnia vincit!" (the motto of Oklahoma) in ringing heroic tones.  This could be the start of something interesting...
Good day to discuss zoospores (motile usually naked and flagellated asexual spores, especially of an alga or lower fungus) with casual aquaintances.
You will decide to take up juggling, today, and will become exceedingly good at it.  Eventually, you'll start an offbeat new religion, and proclaim that Supreme Truth will be revealed to those who juggle.
You will find an alien artifact behind the cushion in the sofa.  Point the pointy end away from you, if you push the little bumpy thing.  Personally, I'd just leave it alone.
You will combine a therapeutic technique based on rapid eye movement with yoga postures, creating something that looks so silly, passers by will actually fall over laughing.
Ah ha!  You will finally have an opportunity to use the word "plumbaginous" in casual conversation today!  You will be discussing either bicycles or aircraft, at the time.
You will design a really wonderful new type of placemat, today, and it will make you fantastically wealthy, providing you get it on the market before your competitors.
Today you will have a lot of trouble with non sequiturs.  Pizza doesn't have to have cheese, you know.
You will be chased through the streets tonight by a group of wild-eyed short people wearing togas and playing kazoos.  Be careful -- they may have escaped from a birthday party, and should be considered armed and dangerous.
You would be ill-advised to try to shoot kidney beans out your nose, today.  (Yes, I know you were thinking of it.)
You will be intensely jealous of a rival today.  Finally, you will realise that it isn't doing you any good to be jealous, so you'll switch over to envy.
Through a casual remark in an elevator, you will realise that both you and your fellow passenger have seen John Cleese's informational film called How To Irritate People.  By the time you reach the 10th floor, you will both be severely vexed with one another.
You will invent a new sort of optical illusion today, involving 6 straight lines, an assortment of blobs, and a picture of an iguana.  Everyone will gasp in amazement.
Hug day, today.  Various people you know will come up and give you a hug, for no apparent reason.  You will find this moderatly embarrassing.
Excellent day to tell everyone you know that a "horsepower" is a unit of power equal to 746 watts in the U.S., but which is not quite equivalent to the English horsepower, which is 550 foot-pounds of work per second.  Once their eyes glaze over, you can borrow money from them without them even fully realizing it.
Your incisors will seem to be getting longer today, and you will find sunlight hurts your eyes.  Probably just a cold, and nothing to worry about.
In one of those amusing mix-ups that happen so frequently in modern life, a friend of yours will have mistaken your reference to "her suit" and thought you said "hirsute." Still, this may prove a little awkward.
Although you will attempt to thwart your obsession (tying things up with twine) by avoiding twine for the entire day today, it will continue to plague your thoughts.  In other words, you will not knot for naught.
Crisply salute everyone you meet today.  They'll all be startled into saluting back, and then they'll feel like idiots.  You should then smile charmingly at them, and saunter off.
Today you will receive an odd postcard from a long lost relative in Peru.  He will invite you to come explore an ancient Incan ruin which he has discovered.  Try not to be too impulsive -- a better offer will soon arrive from a an old highschool friend who is hiding out in a Burmese monastery.
Another excellent day to whittle.
Good day to get lots of water in plastic bottles, and shore up your other earthquake preparations.  Nothing to worry about, I'm sure.  Well, actually, maybe just a little to worry about.
Excellent day to dig a very big hole.  If you pile the dirt up around the sides, and make huge "paw prints" around it, you can have some fun by phoning a TV station and telling them about the gigantic gopher you saw.
Beware of partaking in Zoroastrian rituals, today.  Particularly if you're not entirely certain what's involved.
High winds today.  Good day to try out your new cement kite!
You will find solace, and it won't look at all like you expected.
Huge mutant gnats will pester you today.  Or at least, that's what it will seem like -- sometimes managers bear a striking resemblance...
Today you will learn how to tell the difference between an octopus and a cuttlefish.  Aside, that is, from the octopus' greater problem solving capability.
Someone you know will drone on and on about various tentacled sea creatures today.  The best thing to do is to pretend you have one of those vibrating pagers in your pocket, and say "oh!  that must be the call I've been waiting for", and dash off.
Today you will find yourself wondering why a shampoo that "tingles" would be better at preventing dandruff than one which doesn't.  It's that sort of intellectual undertaking which has earned you your well-deserved reputation.
Someone nearby will make disgusting slurping sounds in your favorite restaurant.  You'll retaliate by glaring pointedly, and by eating your linguini with your fingers.
A man will be passing by when you suddenly recall a hilarious Monty Python skit, and you'll burst out laughing.  Later, you'll notice him anxiously looking at himself in a mirror.
You will read an oevre in a new genre.  Actually, it will be an X-Men(tm) comic book, but you've never been one of those stuffy people who are unwilling to try new things.
Someone you've never met will come up and nudge you today.  You don't have to stand for that, though, and you should just nudge them right back.
This is an excellent day to dare.  Dare to eat a peach.  Dare to wear your trousers rolled, and walk along the beach.  Dare to be different.  That sort of thing.
Excellent day to crouch behind furniture, and peer over the top.  If you can do that while wearing one of those Groucho Marx noses, so much the better.
Today you will have a sudden and brilliant idea for how to eliminate the U.S.  federal deficit.  "Let's all just pretend there isn't one!", you'll say.
Good day to examine your cuticles.  If you do that studiously enough, I'm quite sure nobody will realize you're not paying any attention.
You will be in an extremely stuffy meeting today, which will seem to last forever.  You will be able to liven things up a smidge by putting a few small feathers in your hand, and then "coughing" them out.
Good day to remember your kinship with all living things.  Except perhaps mildew.  There's no point in remembering your kinship with mildew, at least not today.
Today you will wake up in somebody else's body.  The strangest thing about the transition will be that you'll have all the memories from the new body, and none of your own from before.  Despite that, you will be somehow quite certain that you've "traded down."
Good day to burst into song.  Nothing too fancy, mind you -- no arias.  The theme song from "The Beverly Hillbillies" will do nicely.  Why not see how many people you can get to sing along?
A Ph.D.  degree in parapsychology is in your future.  Despite what you may have heard, however, the corresponding career path is not terribly rewarding.  You will get to see a lot of furniture move by itself, of course, so that's a plus.
You will be plagued by theological doubts today, and will flirt with the idea of changing your religion.  Subconsciously, this is because you're envious of the really cool hats some of the people in other religions get to wear.
Good day to sleep in.  A nap would work well today, too.  Try to get to bed early.  Aside from that, nothing too exciting today.
Today is the day you've been waiting for.  Go around to everyone you know, and tell them you're terribly sorry.  Give them a firm handclasp, and walk briskly away, with no further explanation.  Tomorrow, deny ever doing such a thing, and question their sanity.  If you keep people on their toes, they will have a richer, fuller life.  That's thanks enough, I should think, for your efforts.
A moth the size of a Boeing 747 will erupt from a nearby hillside today, and go off to help a huge semi-aquatic rubbery dinosaur fight off an alien attack.  So what are you doing to help?
Good day to skip.  In fact, skipping is good exercise, and I'm certain that if you just get a few friends to go along with you, you can start a cultural movement of just as much importance as running and walking.  The main problem, of course, is to figure out what sort of "skipping" shoe Nike is going to come out with.
Tomorrow when you wake up, many small objects on the carpet will bring you to the alarming conclusion that you have a live rabbit in the house.  Search though you may, however, you will be completely unable to find hide nor hare of it...
Vlad The Impaler continues to come up in casual conversation.  You might want to consider wearing a silver cross, despite your theological leanings.
Today you will read a bit of Shakespeare, and just before you fall asleep, you will think: "A duck, by any other name, would smell as foul." Never mix Shakespeare and chocolate icecream.  The results can be a trifle unpredictable.
Today you will put your foot down, regarding your turn at dinner preparation versus dining out.  In other words, "if you ain't broke, don't fix it."
Everyone around you will develop a strange fascination with Vlad The Impaler.  This could be bad news.
A person wearing a bandana on his head and brandishing a cutlass will dash by you today, saying something that sounds a bit like "Arrrr."
Your cat will go thundering past you on the linoleum, but will miss the doorway by an inch or so.  You will hear an odd "ping!" sound as her head hits the doorjamb.  No harm will be done.
Today old Beatles songs will be playing everywhere you go.  Eventually this will make you twist and shout, until you work it all out.
Good day to learn to do more with your toes.  Start off by tying knots with them, and who knows?  You could end up being able to accompany yourself on the piano!
Be nice to your coworkers today.  Cow orkers have a darned tough job, so it's good to make them feel special once in a while.
Excellent day to whistle off key.  Random starts and stops are also good.
Do not snitch a jelly donut today, when nobody is looking.  The chocolate frosted one is much better.
Today you will take comfort in the thought that Jesus loves you, particularly since nobody else likes you very much.
Potato awareness day, today.  Potatoes have had a tremendous influence on society, since their introduction into Western culture.  Just think, for instance, of their effect on Dan Quayle's career!
You will make several somewhat inadviseable impulse purchases today.  Fortunately, you will be able to return all of them, except for the Hormel "100 Years Of SPAM!" decorative wallclock.
Someone will attempt to get you to stay in one place today, by telling you that you are surrounded by 100 black poisonous snakes (which are invisible).  You will make a daring escape, despite the risk involved.
Good day to put a few kumquats, some of those teensy little ears of corn, and a few brussels sprouts in a tiny little bowl, and leave it on someone's doorstep with a tiny little note reading "Dear Big People...."
Today is a good day to exercise that special magic you have, of making people smile.  Try telling everyone "smile when you say that, buster", for example.
Today you will make a bold fashion statement, which will eventually become a trend and sweep the nation.  "Executive Grunge", you'll call it.
Today you will discover that you can amuse your friends by pretending that your hand is a tsetse fly, and "walking" it along the table.  Your friends are easily amused, as it turns out.
Most people are aware that it's supposed to be good luck to toss a pinch of salt over your left shoulder.  Today you will discover that it's even better luck to toss a carton of yogurt over your right shoulder.
Fungus day today.  Interestingly, you will discover that in order to engage in mycological research, you need go no further than your toes...
You will be hit on the head by a carton of yogurt today, which will not strike you as being the least bit funny at the time.  Later, of course, you'll all have a good laugh about it.
Today someone sitting near you will make repeated nasal sounds that will eventually drive you screaming from the room.  Try to avoid attacking them with a box of kleenex upon re-entering the room.
Good day to begin that toothpick sculpture you've been thinking of.  Of course, where you're actually going to put a life-sized toothpick sculpture of a rhinocerous is another matter.
Today you will realize that it seems quite impossible to make any sense out of life, especially when you consider what life must be like in Nebraska.
You will pass a sign that says "invorp" today.  Fortunately, you will remember enough Dutch to know that it means "put your fingers in your ears and wiggle them." They are a silly people, the Dutch.
Small fluffy animals will come over and lean on you, today.  It's just their way of showing their appreciation, and of telling you that you are furniture.
Good day to work on your catapult.  You never know when it could come in handy.  Besides, it's good to worry your neighbors a bit -- keeps them civil.
Fortune will smile upon you today!  That's what it does when it's just thought up a real corker.
Today you will have a sudden, somewhat irrational desire to drive to Camden, New Jersey, and visit the Soup Tureen Museum.  Fortunately, you will restrain yourself.
Extremely poor day to use obscure euphemisms or medical metaphors.  In particular, avoid "kajoobies" or "shvontz" like the plague.
Excellent day to go half-barefoot.  (One shoe only.) Answer no questions about it, though.  Just say "I prefer not to talk about it."
Try to work the words "happenstance" and "ineffable" into your conversation today.  It turns out that most people believe any sentence that has the word "ineffable" in it.  Such as that one.
Beware of midget bookies, today.  It's ok to get one of those tiny little poetry books, though, if you feel you really must.
You will receive a painful bonk on the head, today, while riding the bus downtown.  It's your own fault, though, for sitting in front of that trombone player.
A brilliant idea for a new hand tool will strike you today, but it will be years too late.  People these days are much less likely to buy an "M.C.  Hammer" than they would have been a few years ago.  If you're really intent on being an inventor, you should come up with a "drum roll", which you can sell to Pillsbury.  Ta dah dum.
Today you will seek out new life, and new civilizations.  You won't find any, of course, but you will discover a really excellent Chinese restaurant in the process.
You will have a grilled cheese sandwich today, and a bowl of tomato soup.  When nobody is looking you will secretly dunk your sandwich.
You will invent a method of making icosahedral ice cubes, today, which everyone will think are really cool.
A man dressed like a giant shrimp will roar past you in an experimental hovercraft, today.  (Again.)
Beware of poltergeists, today.
On a pre-arranged signal, you and 3 cohorts will start talking complete gibberish today, leaving the 5th person in your meeting entirely baffled.  Act as if he's behaving strangely, and look concerned.
Poit twoonie squaggle?  Floon morble tid bubbu taha, hen?  Hen?
You will declare war on drugs, today, and will glare menacingly at your pharmacist.
You will be driven into a panic today by the thought that you will live to see music by Oingo Boingo referred to as "classic" rock.  Believe me, that's not nearly as strange as clothing trends will be, such as the "big elbow" look.
Better have that spot checked out by a doctor.  Sure it may look benign, but sometimes those carpet stains can spread.
Beware of unwarranted electrical assumptions today.  On the other hand, a shower of sparks and a bit of ozone can be fairly exciting...
Good day to hold hands.  If you don't currently have a spouse or girlfriend/boyfriend, you can probably find a fake "severed hand" at a magic supplies store.  That might be a good thing to pick up in any case?  You never know when it might come in handy.
Good day to have some fun with fake fur and spirit gum.  Now you can see what chest hair would really be like, or go for the "Madonna" look.  Or you can simply opt for hairy palms -- that's always fun.
Today someone will accuse you of spending too much time with your computer.  The way to handle that is to say you've got "lots of work to do." (And don't let them spot you fondly caressing it.)
Excellent day to visit a bookstore.  Try to find a book named "Make Money With Your Own Worm Farm." You don't need to read it, but it'll be fun to leave around where people will notice it.
You will have a nightmare tonight, in which you find yourself dangling from the ceiling, while brightly colored paper mach animals with glowing eyes file into the room.  One of them will be carrying a stick.  Perhaps you shouldn't eat so much candy before going to bed?
You will have more psychotronic energy today than usual.  I recommend that you direct it towards the fridge.  There's something alive in there.
Excellent day to devour fruit, while making snarling sounds and glaring at persons nearby.  Next, tear the heads off the carnations and stuff them partway up your nose, and make strange wuffling sounds while vigorously wiggling your eyebrows.  Or don't, if you're going to be stuffy.  It's your life.
You will snidely snicker at someone today.  That's not going to make you many friends, you know.  Instead, you should cheerfully chuckle.
You will answer the phone today by shouting "You bloated sack of protoplasm!." Unfortunately, it's not your friend calling.  It's your mother.
Good day to sip tea.  Remember to extend your pinkie!
Today you will be watched by cats.  It's nothing really worth worrying about, I'm sure.  Did you know that you've started making little unconscious "squeaks" when you're concentrating on something?
While idly doodling on a notepad, today, you will accidentally draw a symbol sacred to an ancient voodoo deity, and will open a gap into part of the astral plane that is even less appealing than Akron, Ohio.
Good day to make sure you are prepared for a big earthquake.  Get bottled water, a first-aid kit, canned food, flashlights, transistor radio, sturdy hiking boots, and a feather boa.
You will take a wrong turn, today, and become hopelessly lost.  Eventually you will start a new life in Minnesota, along with all the other people who have little sense of direction.  It'll be ok, providing you like tuna casserole.
Excellent day to study entomology -- particularly the order hymenoptera.  Be prepared to leap about, howling and whacking your trouser legs.
Today you will happen upon a prediction by Nostradamus which will scare the living daylights out of you.  As well it should, although how a medieval seer foresaw your exact name is anybody's guess.
You will be conducting naval maneuvers in the bathtub today, when you will have an unfortunate accident involving your toy submarine.  The visit to the emergency room will be most embarrasing.
You will be walking along today when you overhear someone making a snide remark about you, drawing an unflattering comparison between your personality, and landfill.  A snappy reply will occur to you, sometime late next week.
Good day to introduce a bit of randomness into your life.  Try getting dressed in the dark, for example (it's what I do).
You will have an enormously exciting day, today, compared to your usual day.  You will find the prize in the cereal box.
You will have a dream tonight, in which you are standing on the shore of an inky black river in grey twilight.  An old man wearing a black cloak will appear, poling a rickety old boat up to you.  He will demand payment to ferry you across, but it will turn out he doesn't accept American Express.
Today you will exercise self-discipline.  It's about time, too!  Your self-discipline was starting to get somewhat portly.
Go wild today!  Try a different brand of ramen noodles -- or even go so far as to sprinkle a little chopped green onion over them!
Bad hair day today.  In fact, it's quite likely that your hair will actually be arrested.
Excellent day for standing barefoot on the lawn and wiggling your toes.  Under no circumstance should you stand barefoot on the lawn and wiggle your nose.  It simply isn't done.
.syas enoyna gniht elgnis a dnatsrednu ot elba eb t'now uoy yadot, ylddO
Today you will have to take someone aside and gently explain that a "briefcase" is not actually for undergarments.  Remember: you probably made a few silly mistakes yourself, when you were just starting out.
You will realize, today, that there's more than just good manners to the statement: "never yodel with your mouth full."
When's the last time you did something nice for Doug?  Sure, he's cranky a lot, and dresses funny, but he's a good person.  Perhaps you should take him to lunch?
Today you will invent a new type of automated squid sorter, for use by professional squid fishermen.  You will call it the Squid Pro Quo.  That will be a mistake.
Remember to bring your entrenching tool with you today.  You'll need it.  (You know...for the marketing meeting.)
Good day to start saving up for that electron microscope you've always wanted.  I hear Sears will be having a big sale on them this fall.
Time for an excursion!  Remember to pack some sandwiches, and carry a large ball of twine (it's easy to get lost in the city -- the twine should help).
You will spend the day discussing whether the main problems in the world are due to ignorance or apathy.  Personally, I don't know and I don't care.
You will hear a mysterious "whapping" sound as you are passing by a church today.  Curiosity will get the better of you, and you will peek inside.  To your relief you will discover it's only the nuns, playing a quick game of dodge-ball.
Good day to begin writing that book you've been planning -- "Growing Radishes Indoors." It's an idea whose time has come.
Good day to act sneaky.  Try glancing sidelong at people, or standing just out of sight.
Today you will discover the original version of the nursery rhyme: "Hey diddle diddle, the cat and the fiddle, the cow jumped over the moon.  The little dog laughed to see such fun, because he was mentally impaired."
If you act now, you could be the first on your block to have an actual moat and a working drawbridge.  Something to consider.
Good day to hide an iguana in someone's satchel.  They will not be expecting that, so everyone will get a good chuckle out of it.
Excellent day to blow soap bubbles in unusual places.  See if you can get them to drift by people who are thinking too hard.
You will believe a completely rediculous hoax about a computer virus today, and everyone will tease you mercilessly.
Someone will dash up to you today, say "meep meep!  bthpblthpblthp!", and then dash off.  At least now you'll know how to spell it.
You'll be feeling tired and discouraged today, but will be able to raise your spirits by pretending to be a cartoon character.  ACME products may be featured, as well.
Today you will discover an ancient stone tablet on which mystic runes are carved.  Oddly, when you find someone to translate them from Old Norse, it will turn out to be a collection of moose jokes.
Good day to make a face like a rodent, and hold your paws up in front of your chest.  When someone asks what you are doing, chitter at them and scurry away.
To your vast embarrassment, you will be unable to describe the differences between halibut, sole, and flounder.  It's easy to remember, though -- they are (in order) "big", "small", and "clumsy."
You are about to burn the roof of your mouth on pizza.  It won't be the first time, either.
Beware of being cautious, today.
Today you will watch something like a hawk.  Basically, you do that by having unblinking beady little eyes, and a brain the size of a peanut.
Today you will find a bumper sticker that truly defines your sentiments.  It will say "Buy More Socks!."
Today you will lose all self-control.  You'll find it again tomorrow, though -- it just rolled under the couch.
Terrific day to saunter.  Don't let it turn into a mosey, though.
Beware of Poles.  Particularly dark-haired women of Polish extraction.  Due to an oddity of genetic significance, they will all be intensely silly for a few weeks.
In the grocery store, you will see quite a few people with infants in their shopping carts.  Try though you might, however, you will not be able to find the bin with the children.  Perhaps they're sold out?  Important Safety Tip: do not</b> stop one of the women with an infant and ask her to show you where her baby came from.
Good day to make a nice pot of gruel.  Isn't it strange, how difficult it is these days to find gruel on the menu at restaurants?  Perhaps you should start your own restaurant (e.g.  The Gruel Pot) to rectify that situation.
The mountain will be happy to come to Mohammed, but Mohammed should be prepared for a brief (in geologic terms) delay.
Today you will attempt to capitalize on the success of SPAM by inventing SPEEF.  Unfortunately, you would have been much better off trying to make SPICKEN, instead.
You are having a serious problem.  Your only hope at this point is to consult a reputable florist.  You will find them in the Yellow Pages, under "Florists, Reputable."
Today you will stumble across conclusive proof that cilantro is actually the main ingredient in detergents and soaps, and that its culinary use started as a joke -- it's just that most people are too shy to admit that they'd rather spray Lysol on their burrito than put cilantro on it.
You will discover a large black obelisk out on the lawn today, which obviously weighs several tons.  You will be amazed at the effort some people put into a practical joke.
Today you will go into the prosthetic forehead business, having heard that everyone wants a prosthetic forehead to wear on their real forehead.  It would be a good idea to do your own market research, in this case, before sinking all your savings in this venture.
Excellent day to refer to everyone as "Doctor." This will make them grin, and they'll forget all about that favor they were going to ask of you.
Someone named "Bob" is plotting to whap you with a calla lilly.  If you carry long-stemmed carnations around with you today, you will be able to retaliate swiftly and effectively.
Everyone around you will act silly, today -- whapping each other with floral matter, calling each other "Doctor", and doing Bantu war dances in the hallway.  The most likely explanation is that there's a nitrous oxide leak somewhere.
You will give your lawyer a retainer today, which will only irritate her.  She will patiently explain that that isn't the sort of retainer she'd meant.
You will send away for the pamphlet titled "The Manly Art Of Knitting", today, but sadly, it will be out of print.  You should check with a rare books merchant.
Good day to be callously indifferent to the plight of the masses.  You have larger things on your mind than whether the peasants are happy.  Oui?
You will wake with a start tonight, and hear a sound like that of a whole herd of capybara snuffling around in your closet.  Fortunately, when you switch on the light, that will turn out to be all it is.
As you are walking along, you will notice someone leaning back in a chair.  You should stop and insist that they bring their seatback to a full upright and locked position until the captain has turned off a sign.
This will be a day filled with tragically many sneezes.  At least it'll be a good opportunity to learn how to sneeze "cute."
Excellent day to play the William Tell Overture really loud, and leap around flailing your arms.  Try not to knock over the lamp.
As a joke today, you will get an alarmed expression on your face, crouch on someone's carpet, and start making disgusting "huck, huck!" sounds.  The joke's on you, though, since they will insist that you eat some hairball remedy.
It will seem a great shame to you today, that your little finger has a cute name -- "pinky" -- but none of your other fingers do.  That's the sort of thing that very few people besides you really spend much time pondering.  They have such limited minds, don't they?
Today you will finally get around to exercising!  Your cat will look at you like you've gone completely whacky.  Don't be intimidated, though -- at least you never get distracted and forget that you're holding your leg up behind your head.
Go nowhere without a flotation device, for a few days.  You never know.
Oddly, despite the impression you gained from a television commercial, your new soap will not inspire unusual levels of grinning in the shower.
People around you are starting to look a bit complacent.  Good day to adopt a haunted expression and carry a large ball of aluminum foil.
Beware of clams, today.
You will build a better mousetrap, but nobody will beat a path to your door.  Several people will beat a path to your refrigerator, though, and will make sandwiches.
Stop slouching, and sit up straight!  How do you expect to get ahead in the world if you pay no attention to proper posture?
You will need two torches, a sword, leather armor, and a significant amount of courage today.  And for heaven's sake, don't forget the twine.
Today you will become a card-carrying member of a new and very exclusive organization named "Yeomen of the Carbuncle", although you'll spend a lot of time at the first meeting debating whether it should actually be called "Yeopersons of the Carbuncle."
Today you will develop a type of rubber overshoe that looks like dinosaur's feet.  They will become wildly popular, after your appearance on the Letterman show.
As a joke, you will hold up a certain air freshener in a bank, today, and announce "this is a Stick Up!." Later, you'll have time to reflect upon the regrettable fact that law enforcement officials are sadly lacking in a sense of humor.
You will overhear people talking about you today, and realize that you have a reputation as a real stud hombre cyber-muffin.  You will find that intensely irritating.
That rash should clear up soon, Bob.  Oh stop worrying.  I won't tell anyone.
Today you will ignore the warning label on the mouthwash bottle, and will attempt to yodel while gargling.  That will be a mistake.
Good day to do a self-portrait.  Or, if you're in a hurry, you can do what I do, and just spray paint all over yourself and run into a large canvas.  Art is easier than you think!
You are being watched.  Act casual (i.e.  pretend you are wearing blue jeans and a t-shirt).
Today you will make the bold move from fidgeting to twiddling.  Just please be careful.
Unbeknownst to thee, thou art over-fond of archaic terms.  Prithee, wouldst thou kindly desist?
Today you will finally get to push the big red button!  The main question is now...what are you going to do with the rest of your life?  The answer, naturally, is "worm farming."
Today you will become stuck in a wicker chair.  This is what the British refer to as a "sticky wicker", as it is an unfortunately common occurrence in their climate.
Good day to snitch cookies when nobody's looking.
No news is not good news, today.  In fact, no news is at best mediocre news.
A very pale young woman weilding a broadsword will approach you today to ask if you'd like your carnations pruned.  Be nice and say yes.  Reincarnation is tough on some people.
Beware of slime creatures today.  There's one lurking in the fridge, pretending to be lettuce.
Someone will try to pass prawns off as shrimp, today, but you'll be far too clever for them.  If anyone knows their crustaceans, it's you.
Someone named Tyrone is about to sell you a vaccuum cleaner.  There's nothing much you can do about it, I'm afraid.
You will hear a strange flapping sound today.  Glancing outside, you will see a precision drill team marching by wearing scuba flippers and waving feather dusters.  Avoid eye contact.  Stay indoors.
Excellent day to be boisterous.  Avoid obstreperousness, however.
Today you will discover a really cool technique of whistling through your nose.  Oddly, nobody will be terribly enthusiastic about your new talent.
Not only is this a good day to throw a tantrum, but there's a good chance that you might set a new distance record!
You will be in a somewhat ornery mood when you go out to an Italian restaurant tonight.  You will insist on chopsticks.
Job interview today, eh?  Good show!  Eat a bunch of oreos just before, and smile a lot.  They'll spend their time staring at your teeth, that way.  (Not at your resume.)
Flour tortilla day, today.  You know what I mean.
Good day to take up Rap music as a career.  Either that or plumbing.  (Most people are strangely unaware of the similarities.)
Today you will discover a strange-looking thing in your underwear drawer.  Best not to tell anyone.
At this point you have two choices: you can either get a haircut, or dye your hair white and black and pretend to be an old english sheepdog.  The latter is usually more fun, but slightly less practical.
Today you will get very dirty.  Actually, though, it will be rather fun.
Good day for political intrigue and underhanded sneakiness.  Try to wear something appropriate to the occasion.
After spending days learning to simultaneously pat your head and rub your tummy, you will move on today to patting your head and rubbing someone else's tummy.
A careless delivery person will drop an entire case of pills when you are in a pharmacy, today.  Did you know that nitroglycerin is still used, sometimes, in the treatment of heart disease?
Beware of the Spanish Inquisition, today.  They may show up unexpectedly.
You will discover that you can see people's auras today, if you squint.  That should be done in moderation, however, as many people object to being squinted at.
Excellent day to walk around wearing a white lab coat and carrying a clipboard.
You will mortally offend a friend today when a hilarious joke pops unbidden into your mind during your friend's sad description of his problems.
Today you will banish fear.  It will stomp off in a huff.
You will be visited by missionaries today, and will finally have an excellent opportunity to slip into your demon costume before opening the door.
Dorothy Parker once said "if you can't say anything nice, come sit next to me." Today that will be strangely relevant to your own situation.
Today you must seek out the perfect noodle.  Also, according to a recently reversed decision by Miss Manners, it's now perfectly ok to slurp noodles.  (Or so I've been told.)
Excellent day to get involved in one or more conspiracies.  If you can hold secret meetings in darkened rooms, so much the better!
Big career move today!  Oddly, your decision will be somehow related to a pamphlet called "Goat Herding Made Easy."
Not an especially good day to do anything involving contact cement.  At least not if you have plans to go anywhere.
Good day to begin making a monster costume.  Be sure to make it nice and comfy, since you will discover that you actually enjoy lounging around in it.
You will receive an honor from a foreign dignitary today.  Everyone else will be horribly jealous of you.
Your friend will betray you today, and will hide from you under office furniture.  Hey, don't ask me.  I just see the future, I don't explain it.
This is going to be a fairly peculiar day, for you.  You'll end up taking a bus downtown.  Two neatly dressed but somewhat short and embittered women will push a cart up and down the aisle in the bus, dispensing packets of honey-roasted peanuts, and miniscule quantities of Diet Coke in plastic glasses.
You'll feel like you can't do anything right today.  Unfortunately, it turns out you're right...
This is a good day to bake.  Cinnamon rolls would be good.  Or perhaps some crusty bread.  If you follow my advice, you will make friends and influence people.  Otherwise a horrifying fate awaits you.  No pressure, though.  Do what you feel is right for you.
Good day to start learning the violin.  Interestingly, your neighbors will volunteer to pay for lessons.  It's selfless gestures like that which really help friendships blossom.
You'll get one of those pieces of toast today with a really big hole in it, and the jam will squish out the bottom.  That's it though, for today's excitement.
Today an ecologically-minded organic foods co-op will move into your home, while you're away.  You'll be smelling whole-wheat fig bars for months, even if you succeed in extricating them.  (Which is unlikely, in today's political climate.  They need somewhere to hide.  Have a heart.)
After today the following expression will no longer strike you as being in the least bit amusing: "Friends help friends move.  Real friends help friends move bodies."
Today you will find a note, folded into quarters, and torn from a steno pad.  Surprisingly, it will refer to you.  Even more surprisingly, it will refer to you as the object of adoration, someone whom the note's author wishes to engage in "snuggle bunnies" with.  Sadly, it will be impossible to determine who wrote it, and nothing will ever come of it.
Oh boy!  Today you will find some cool shoes that you'd forgotten all about, in the back of your closet.  Oddly, they no longer fit, and are at least 3 sizes too large.  This may worry you.
A man with a mystical yet somehow tortured expression will stop you on the street, today, and ask you for a name brand of prepared mustard.  If you carry a jar with you, and surprise him, you will make his life seem worthwhile.
Bad day to feed the Bengal tiger.  Let someone else do it, today.  Probably just an "off" batch of the Purina Tiger Chow, but why risk it?
Someone will ask you if you'd like some "fresh ground pepper" on your salad.  Personally (this may be just a "Ron" thing), I always say "yes" to people carrying a baseball bat, outside a playing field.
Today you'll have one of those baffling moments when you're sure you spelled a word correctly, but your spelling checker will still complain.  Ask someone nearby how they spell it.  They'll spell it the same way you do, much to your rolaids.
Say something completely ordinary, today, but follow it with "Get it?" and a big grin.  For example, "I'm wearing shoes.  Get it?" See who gets it.  Avoid them.
Today is the 1,750,000-year aniversary of the invention of hand tools!  (The original hand tool was the Oldovan Chopper, commonly made of chipped flint, and originally sold under the Sears Craftsman label.) Celebrate by getting out there and banging some rocks together!
Someone will drone on and on, today.  Try using psychic powers to make their underwear ride up.  Even if it doesn't work, your look of intense concentration may make them self-conscious.
Don't forget your towel, today.  I usually find I'm less likely to forget things, if I wrap them around my head.  Everyone has their own mnemonic tricks, though.
You will have a grilled cheese sandwich today, and a bowl of tomato soup.  When nobody is looking you will secretly dunk your sandwich.  You never tire of the wild life, do you?
Try to avoid calling anyone a "vacuous, coffee-nosed, malodorous pervert", today.  (That can be taken the wrong way, I've discovered.)
Be careful if you try to be funny, today.  Although you are normally reknowned for your dry wit, you may be a bit soggy, today.
A small packet containing 7 oddly-colored bean seeds will arrive in the mail today.  There will be no return address, nor any indication of what they are.  Only one way to find out...
Resist temptation, today.  You might have to get rough with it, or even wrestle it to the ground.
A swarm of rats will sneak up on you, and you will be suddenly engulfed in a squeaking, biting, torrent of rabid vermin.  Oops!  No, ha ha, looks like I forgot about the influence of Venus, didn't I?  Sorry.  Hmmm.  Ok...actually, today you will have pizza.
You will spend another day surrounded by idiots, or perhaps by well meaning but simple folks, who will drone on and on until your smile becomes forced, and you will begin to look like a deranged rodent.
Today you will spend another entire day worried about your feet.  But honestly, most people don't notice these things.  On the other hand, most people don't spontaneously grow more toes, either.
You will find a strangely heavy small gold ring today, embedded in the center of an obviously volcanic rock.  There is some writing, in a script unlike any you've ever seen, running around the ring, although you can't really see it unless you heat it up in a fire...
A person of Irish descent will attempt to sell you something you don't especially want, today.  Strive to turn the conversation to Tilapia (a type of freshwater fish) -- you'll find it's his new hobby.
Today you will be suddenly struck by what a genius Norman Rockwell was, and how unappreciated (in the major art circles) he remains.  You will vow to do something about it.
Noodle day, today!  Have you tried some of those new "fresh" tomato-basil linguinies?  Of course not.  But today, you will!
Today you will become a digger.  Dig, dig, dig.  That's all you'll think of, for months.  You will discover an amazingly large diamond, about 27 feet down, and will be fabulously rich after that.  Not that you'll give me any credit, of course.  Ingrate!
Today you will be seized by inspiration, and shaken like a rat in the jaws of a terrier.  You will wax poetic, assuming that "poetic" is the name of your car.
If you've been wanting to become a religious leader, today is the day to get cracking on it.  Otherwise, probably an uneventful day.
You have exactly as much chance of having a decent day as you have of developing amazing telekinetic abilities that let you secretly give innocent passers-by a wedgie.  Stay home.  Breathe normally.
Today, everyone around you will make you severely annoyed.  The important thing is to remember that, in the long run, they're all dead.
Today you will conclusively prove that despite what most people regard as common knowledge, monkeys only rarely chase weasels around the mulberry bush.  They normally engage in that sort of thing over by the petunias.
You will spend today in a state of mild anxiety.  Probably Ohio.
Another day of social convention defiance, today.  You may even go so far as to send a letter to Miss Manners, which begins: "Uh, Yo:" (Well, that's how Sylvester Stallone starts all his correspondence, right?)
Good day to begin that toothpick sculpture you've been thinking of.  You'll be the only private individual (aside from Martha Stewart) who orders toothpicks by the case.  Martha goes through several boxes just sticking breakfast together, I hear.
Excellent day to act childish.  For example, when's the last time you ordered a drink with a straw, and blew bubbles in it?  Or you could pout, if you want.  (Be sure to go for good lip extension, though).
A person named "Elmo" will call you repeatedly, and will refuse to believe that he's dialed a wrong number.
Not an especially good day to play with crossbows, guns, machetes, flame throwers, mortars, heavy artillery, knives, ninja throwing stars, spears, maces, or nuclear weaponry.  At least not all at once.  Why not go out and putter about in the garden?
Beware of cats, today.  (Particularly black and white cats who sit next to you and pretend to be innocent.  Those are the worst kind.)
Today one or more close relations will pout.  You will stoicly endure this, and will steadfastly refuse to relinquish control of the remote control.
You will have a completely boring, uneventful day.  Then you'll go home, eat the same thing you always eat, watch a re-run, and go to bed.  Then you'll be abducted by aliens, who will tease you.
Remember: One tiddles one's winks, not vice versa.  Winking one's tiddles would be crude, and is illegal in some states.
Good day to let yourself go.  Just be back by 10, OK?
You will discover you have a certain flair for copywriting, and will pick up a little extra spending money by doing window signs for stores, such as "Going Out Of Business.  Waaaah!"
People will tease you about wearing your golf shoes indoors.  Don't you mind them, though -- they're undoubtedly just jealous.
Excellent day to come up with new theories to explain the universe around you.  Remember: the simplest explanation is usually the best.  For example, most physicists today subscribe to the "Big Band" theory of the creation of the universe.  I have an alternate theory that I prefer, which I call "Tuba Ensemble."
Try not to be too impulsive, today.  Ask youself if you really need that howitzer, or if you just think it'd be fun to have.
Today you will discover a little book called "1001 Names For Your Pet." You should probably name your next pet either "Pope John Paul" or "No Clothes On." That way you can say things like "Pope John Paul peed on the rug, again" or "I'm going for a walk with No Clothes On."
You've heard that when economists use the word "nice", they're actually saying that something is homoscedastic and nonautoregressive.  Today you will find out what they mean when they say something is "like, totally kewl."
Today you will rush around in a tizzy.  It will be sort of fun, actually, since the tizzy handles well, and has more than enough power to make an exciting ride.
You'll feel a little tired and run down, today.  Just a hunch, but that could explain those tire tracks on your shirt, as well...
As Buckaroo Banzai said, "No matter where you go, there you are." Oddly, this will not be entirely the case for you, today.
Someone will stop you today, to ask directions.  Tell them to take the second star to the right, and go straight on till morning.  (I personally never ask for directions, since I find it's always much more effective to find someone who looks like they know where they're going, and follow them.  I also always tell people that my name is "Svlad." It's something to do.)
The phrase "return your tray tables to the upright and locked position" will cycle endlessly through your mind, today.  It's not serious.  (But you should probably consider cutting down on the honey-roasted peanuts.)
Today you will begin a new hobby: collecting spores, molds, and fungus.  You will find it richly rewarding, in a spiritual sense.
Let a smile be your umbrella, today.  Tomorrow: letting a grimace be a pair of hip-waders.
This will be "one of those days", I'm afraid.  The person next to you on the bus will have taken one of those nitroglycerin capsules for his heart condition, and will be bending over to pick up a newspaper, just as the bus hits a big pothole...
You will get one of those pre-mixed salads in a new high-tech bag that "breathes." Or, in this case, wheezes.
Someone will ask you how you are, today, for the millionth time, and you know they actually couldn't care less.  I've found that the best reply in this case is usually "Did you know that there's a spider on your neck?"
Today you will join the political action group "Whiners For Peace", and will call up your senator's office and whine at them.  Don't forget to sign up for the big "Pout Out" next month!
Beware of lightning, today!  Either stay indoors, or leave your aluminum foil hat behind.  (I know, I know.  It's hard.  But I've learned to live without mine, most of the time.)
You will get through the day without too much trouble today.  It would go even more smoothly, however, if you had bought that laser cannon when you had the chance.
Happy Frog Day!!  Let's hear it for our little amphibious friends!
Good day to let sleeping dogs lie.  After all, the poor things seem to be completely exhausted, most of the time.  My dog, Maggie, is asleep right now (after a good night's sleep, and a nice morning nap, followed by a good snooze).  It's a tough life, but someone's got to do it.
Today you will have the eerie sensation that either you are going crazy or you are being watched by something indescribably evil.  Luckily for you, you're in fine shape, mentally.
Someone will tell you today "Boy, what a girl goes through to send her brother through proctology school." Despite being forwarned, you won't have anything to say.
Aliens will land in Los Angeles today.  Unfortunately, nobody will be able to tell.
Today you will discover that you have no real friends.  Or at least, that they don't cast a shadow.
Good time to invest in stock.  (The canned kind, not the financial kind.)
Today you will be struck by an odd thought.  It will do little actual damage, fortunately.
Today will be Mexican Food day, for you.  In fact, chances are better than 1 in 3 that someone will refer to you as "Frijole-breath" before the day is through.
Hide.
You are being followed by a man with an eye patch and a prosthetic limb.  He, in turn, is being followed by a large reptile, which is making a ticking sound.
You will discover, today, that you can whistle and hum at the same time.  This will entertain you for hours</strong>.
If a wolf is chasing your sleigh, throw him a raisin cookie.  That, of course, is a metaphor for what will really happen.
An old man with bad teeth will whack you with his cane today, as you walk past.  He'll pretend it was an accident.
You will feel an odd compulsion to stack books, symmetrically, in the public library.  Try to resist it.
You will be tickled without mercy, today.  Oddly, you will not be able to see your assailant.
E-coli.  It's what's for dinner!
Today, someone named "Svlad" will appear at your door, carrying a large inflatable penguin and a bag of pistachio nuts.  Despite your better judgement, you will let him in.
Inspiration will strike you, and leave you for dead.  The police will do nothing.
Bring extra.  You'll need it.
Thrombosis.  Beware.  Also, your best friend will rush up and indicate by nonverbal means that Timmy is trapped under a log again.
People will tease you about wearing your golf shoes indoors.  Don't you mind them, though -- they're undoubtedly just jealous.
A hive of naked mole rats will move in with you today.  You will find that they are relatively tidy creatures, but that it's a trifle difficult to explain their presence to your friends.
Today you will discover an astounding new use for celery, and it will make you rich beyond your wildest dreams.
Avoid alternative music, today.  Also, try to find what's making that nasty smell in the fridge, before it gets worse.
Birds figure heavily in your day, today.  My advice?  Wear a hat.
Today you will begin a new hobby: collecting spores, molds, and fungus.  You will find it richly rewarding, in a spiritual sense.
What goes around will come around, today.  Metaphorically speaking, that is.
This is not a good day to start a new romance.  Particularly not a new romance based on a personals classified ad in the back of Mad magazine.
Uh oh.  "Bursting into song day", again.  Your friends will avoid you.
Someone will soon approach you with an idea.  Stay well clear of it.
Today will mark the first time you've ever actually "wrestled" a largish reptile.  Although an unexpected experience, you will find it strangely stimulating, and may decide to pursue it as a career.
Deny everything.
Between now and the vernal equinox, trust anyone with freckles.  After that, trust no one.
Paper airplane day, today.  Have as much fun as you can stand -- tomorrow will be ugly.
Someone will try to give you an egg salad sandwich today.  Refuse them.  Be polite, yet firm.
Your obsession with Lapsang Souchong tea takes a turn for the worse, today, as you begin secretly soaking your undergarments in it.  Professional help is indicated.
Today you will irritate people.  In fact, you'll irritate yourself.
Today will be a great day for bargains.  For example, you'll find a really amazing price on a flame-thrower, at the Army surplus store.  A flame-thrower is one of those rare things that really creates a lasting first impression -- so you should definitely get it.
You will win 12,000 cases of peanut brittle today, on a call-in game show.  That's a LOT of peanut brittle, as it turns out.
Remember that silly song The Monster Mash?  Beginning today, you will start sounding a lot like the lead singer in that song.
Due to a bump on the head today, you will lose all memory of what you did with your keys.  Or at least, that always makes a dandy excuse.
Good day to buy chocolate for someone you love.
Someone will give you a card, today.  It'll be nice.
People will stare at you today.  Unknown to you, you are starting to look more and more like a large frog.  A career in basketball may be in your future.
A friend will ask your advice on a technical matter.  If you answer, you'll be blamed.  Pretend you don't know anything about it.
Today you will be invited to go on a 3 hour boat tour, which you think will be lots of fun.  It may last longer than you expect...
A man wearing two left shoes and a shirt with only one sleeve will approach you today, and try to interest you in a no-load mutual fund.  Trust him -- he knows what he's doing.
You will discover that you can wiggle your ears today, and will actually become quite good at it.  People will invite you to parties.
Good day to go out and play in the mud.  Or at least, find some way of making squishy sounds.
Another day of social convention defiance, today.  You'll refuse to wear clothes in the "normal" fashion (if at all), and you'll begin all your business correspondence: "My Darling Snookums:."
You will try to alleviate the boredom you feel by making something creative with twine.  Fortunately, it will work, but you'll need a lot of twine.
You will declare war on ham, today.  Possibly on all pork, not just ham.  Why?  Nobody will know.
Happy Frog Day!!  Let's hear it for our little amphibious friends!
Today you'll start a new rock group, named "SPAM Catapult", and kick things off with a really smokin' number combining the best aspects of reggae, rap, and polka.
Itchy nose day, again.  Just be glad you don't have to wear a spacesuit!
Today you'll suffer the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune, and believe me, that'll hurt.
Good day to take up knitting, on horseback.  Everyone needs an adventure.
Today you'll try the old "goat in a box" trick, on your new boss.  It'll backfire, though, and you'll be the one with the clown shoes.
Today you should sit down (someplace comfy), and ask yourself if you even care.  You shouldn't.  It's not your fault, you've been trying as hard as you can, so you shouldn't care.  Not if they're going to act like that.
A very pudgy cat will annoy you, today.
Today you'll go buy a white jacket, and start working towards your dream: the resurgence of Disco!  And you'll be successful, too!  Yes, over the course of your life, you'll get literally several people interested.
Today you will see a free floating full torso vaporous apparition!  It'll turn out that your glasses are smudged.
Today you will find a really big piece of lint in your pocket.  That's it, though, for today's excitement.
You will become trapped in the sofa, again.  People will point and laugh.
A package will arrive for you today, from a distant relative in Tibet.  Scarlet-robed assassins will begin following you.
In this world you have a choice between being clever, and being pleasant.  I recommend pleasant.
You will begin a bitter and drawn-out battle with a gopher.  You don't stand a chance.
You will hear a strange "clicking" sound today, as you are walking through the kitchen.  Time to trim the toenails, don't you think?
You will be able to get out of doing an unpleasant task today, by pretending you are a chicken.
Today you will discover a troupe of gypsies hiding in your bathroom.  They will leave when you ask them to, but you should expect a fair amount of grumbling.
Today you will rescue several hostages from a life-or-death situation, using only a banana milkshake and a length of twine.  Film at 11.
You'll become best pals with a large invisible rabbit, today.  Well, actually he's a "puka", which is a type of Celtic spirit, but he'll look like a large invisible rabbit.
You will spend the day attempting to rest, but whenever you fall asleep you'll return to the same nightmare of being transformed into a chihuahua, and will wake, screaming (in a very high-pitched, whiny, and annoying sort of way).
Good day to make a call from a pay-phone in a busy place, and say (in a loud voice) "You dumped the body WHERE?."
Today you'll idly wonder what ever happened to Alan Alda, since his MASH days.  Believe me, you don't want to know.  Neither do I (and I don't).  I just know that neither of us wants to.
Good day for a nice nap.
Today you will turn over a new leaf.  Good for you!  We were all getting a little tired of you, you know, as you were.
Today you will read a small booklet titled How To Make A Fortune in Frog Farming, which will change your life.
You will think of something hysterically funny, but not have anyone to tell it to.
Dogs barking.  Can't fly without umbrella.
You'll find more, and very "interesting", uses for cocktail umbrellas today.
You will stack furniture in the bathtub, today.  That's just the sort of thing you would do, your friends will say.
You will find yourself in a huge handbasket, before the end of the day, and it will be getting much warmer than you like.
You will be hired as a cook/housekeeper for 7 extremely short gentlemen, who all live together.  Stay away from apples, for a while.
You will walk into a door frame today, and people will smirk.  Remember though, they're smirking with you, not at</i> you.
Today you'll become incensed at the thought that you missed out on all the fun during the 60's and 70's, and will change your name to "Sunflower" in protest.
Beware of bubonic plague today.  Other than that, things will be fairly normal.
A person wearing a frilly pink tutu will appear, uninvited, at your next potluck event.  He will become quite ornery, when you ask him to leave.
You will invent a new type of bath toy today.  It will bring you fame and fortune, although it will also be the cause of an embarrassing appearance on the Letterman show.
You will make some new friends today.  One of them will be on some sort of "sacred quest", which will make a good ice-breaker.  ("So...what's with the coconuts?")
Today will be a celebration of life, love, and art.  Also, the start of a nagging fear that you'll find out something terribly unpleasant while doing your taxes.
Good day to curl up with a good book.  Later, you will build a fort out of your furniture and some sheets, and shoot rubber bands at people.
A scruffy-looking fellow who you've never seen before will come up and offer you a very strange-looking raisin muffin.  Good idea to decline, in this instance.
A very short and hairy person will bother you today.  Unfortunately, you will be unable to ignore them, try though you might.
Angst day, today.
A good day to start getting your affairs in order.  You shouldn't be having affairs anyway, so the least you can do is tidy them up.
Hmm.  Hard to read this one.  The carrot stopped right between "kidnapped and tortured" and "wins the lottery." Probably a little of both, I'd guess.
That bad smell in the closet will get stronger.  Time to investigate.
Beware of celery.
You will have trouble with the telephone, in which, no matter what number you call, you reach "Mo's Leather Emporium." Don't take it lightly.
Today you will uncover a conspiracy, involving leaf-blowers and other noisy and completely pointless garden equipment.
Today is an excellent day to wink slyly at people, just as they are turning away.  When they look back, smile innocently.
You might consider picking up some holy water and a few stout wooden stakes.  They'll come in handy soon, although I'm not sure how.
Several extremely hungry creatures will look at you strangely, today.  Throw them a raisin cookie.
A large cement dragon will appear to be following you, although you'll never actually see it move.  Don't you just hate that?
Good day to stand on the sidewalk near a tall building, and stare up at the roof.  You'll meet some interesting people that way.
If you aren't careful, you may accidentally insult someone by a poor choice of words, and hurt their feelings.  In particular, the expression "hideously deformed" may not be as neutral as you believe.
You will meet a tough challenge in a very resourceful way, today, using only a Swiss Army Knife, a transistor radio, and oven cleaner.
Good day to do crossword puzzles in the park.  Life is short enough, without letting it get you all stressed out like that.
You will make pizza from scratch today (dough and everything), and will beam with pride.  As well you should.
You will contemplate nothingness today, but somethingness will keep intruding upon your thoughts.
Good day to call an old friend, and reminisce.  (It turns out to be much much harder to reminisce with a new friend.)
A strange package will appear on your doorstep -- a basket of fresh longan fruit, lined with a page from yesterday's Beijing newspaper.  This could be a sign...
Beware of iguanas, today.
An old nickname will surface today, much to your dismay, "Giggles."
A rare form of management disease will strike you today, where you can only speak in metaphors.  Still, you'll open the kimono and hit the ground running.
You will dream about arrows without points, tonight, and it will have a deeply spiritual significance for you.  You won't know what to make of the episode with the lime jello, though.
Excellent day to fly a kite shaped like a life-sized pterodactyl.  Try to get it to hover just outside someone's office window.
Privacy will be an issue today.  This may possibly be because a group of foreign tourists will follow you everywhere, smiling and nodding the entire time.
Today you will be up the creek, but you will actually have a very large number of paddles with you, due to some excellent planning on your part.
Yesterday's bathtub mystery will be explained today.  Still, you'll have no idea what to feed the penguin.  Pizza might work, I'd think.
You will unearth a small stone figurine, while digging in a garden.  If you set it on your television and put a small bowl of fruit in front of it, those unsightly warts should clear up in a week or two.
Today you will be seized with the urgent desire to buy a harmonica, which you will take everywhere with you, on one of those coat-hanger thingies around your neck.
You will spend another full day attempting to shuffle a deck of cards with your toes.  Fortunately, nobody will find out.
You will discover that by simply wearing a large amulet made of bones and feathers, and by carrying a blowgun, you can usually get a seat on public transportation, no matter how crowded it gets.
Excellent day to pretend to have various infirmities.  Pretending to have a hunchback is my personal favorite, and is often favorably combined with a drooling problem.
Today you will suddenly realise how sensuous pudding can be.  This will mark a turning point in your life.
You will decide to go into the swimwear market, and will become famous by making things out of stainless steel.
Tiddly wink day.  Make it count.
Today you will meet someone with a really "cute" sneeze.
Time to do something about that high blood pressure.  Have you tried leeches?
Today you will find that you can make an incredibly silly sound, and will spend the entire day making it, and then laughing.
Good day to invent an anti-gravity device.  Or at least, to tell everyone that's what you're doing.
Good day to use nautical terms in ordinary situations, and to refer to the different sides of your building as "port" and "starboard."
A dirigible will hover nearby today, and you will have the uneasy feeling that you are being watched.  You are, but so what?
A door-to-door arms dealer will stop by today.  Although you won't be entirely sure how you let yourself get talked into it, you'll soon be the first on the block to own a rocket launcher.
A new love affair will have you all misty-eyed.  Either that, or it's the onset of glaucoma, in which case you should seek immediate medical attention.
Good day to go around "nudging" people.
Today you will find yourself boldly charging through life.  That can actually get you in trouble, though, so you should really attempt to pay with cash.
Today you will discover a way to have your cake and eat it too!  Unfortunately, everyone else will think that's really disgusting.
You will receive a "Dear John" letter from a loved one today, but much to your relief, your name isn't "John."
Today you can have lots of fun by beaming at people, and telling them how fresh your brand of soap makes you feel.  If that doesn't work, try explaining how your detergent gets your shirts their brightest.
Several people, quite independently, will tell you moose jokes today, or otherwise attempt to discuss moose with you.  This is their subtle way of telling you that you're having a "bad hair day."
Today you will notice yet another large freshly-dug mound of dirt in your neighbor's back yard.  It's probably nothing -- he probably just digs at night if he can't get to sleep.  I know I do.
A haunting melody will float through the air this evening, with no apparent source.  It will turn out that a renegade oboe player is hiding in the shrubbery.
Squid day, again.  Try to make the most of it.  Perhaps you could go around with a bucket of squid, and give one to each of your neighbors?  Chances are you don't know them as well as you should, and this will make sure nobody feels guilty about that in the future.
Beware of rodents.
Everyone who drives by today will stick their head out their car window, give you a big dopey look, and flop their tongue around in the wind.  If you had known this was "act like a dog" day, you might have been better prepared.
Beware of galoots, today.
You will make people squirm, today.  Surprisingly, some of them will show remarkable talent at squirming.
Stay out of the Cheez Doodles today.
Today you will wear way too much cologne and make strange unconscious lip-smacking sounds.  You've been watching Comedy Night on The Subliminal Channel again, haven't you?
Good day to bring an asparagus sandwich and a nice thermos of Cream-of-Meatloaf Soup for lunch.
Excellent day for a bubble bath.  If you don't have a little yellow rubber duckie, you'll need to get that first, of course.
Today is a good day to crash through the underbrush, making loud snorting sounds.  Beware of poachers, however.
Today assa a joke, you willa make fun ofa how somebody talk.  You willa get beata up.
Beware of strangers bearing Cheez Whiz.
In an unfortunate turn of events, someone sitting across from you will have a peculiar variant of a bad hair day...a bad nosehair day.
Remember today: two wrongs don't make a right.  But three do.
Good day to make Mexican food.  Just don't drink the water.
Bad juju today.  Stay well clear of West African carved figurines.
Today you will lose your marbles.  Fortunately, someone will find them and return them to you.
Good day to bring your entrenching tool with you.  You never know...
Excellent day to study gastroenterology, or possibly to go bowling.
Good day to learn to play the tuba.
A man with a single eyebrow is following you.  You haven't borrowed any money lately, I hope?
Excellent day to do something new with bean curd.
Don't you owe someone a thank-you note?  If not, send one anyway -- that's always fun.
Old Neil Diamond songs will circle endlessly in your mind today.  I recommend screaming and pounding your head on the table.
You will have an odd dream in which a stadium filled with dogs looks on while a group of wiry runners chases a bunny around a track.  The bunny will be Miss April, I believe.
Beware of giant squids today.  Other than that, a good day for a nice walk along the beach.
You are being stalked by an invisible mutant from Planet 7.  Or at least, you'll find that this makes an excellent excuse for not doing those outside chores today.
Good day to take up crime fighting, as a hobby.  First, make yourself a really awesome leotard and cape, and maybe some sort of unusual headgear.  That's how most of them get started.
Today you will lie to yourself.  Amusingly, you will be completely taken in, and will be very annoyed later when the truth comes out.
At the same moment you read this, someone will be thinking about you and smiling.  In a moment, they'll be laughing outright.
You will insist on being called "El Magnifico", today.  There will be some grumbling among the peasants.
Today you will begin work on a life-size pterodactyl robot, which you will use to terrorize the city.  Either that or you'll take a nap.  It just depends what sort of mood you're in.
Your manager will be a twit, today.  That's ok, though -- it's what he's paid for.
Your ACME Rocket Sled arrives today!
You will have a hunch, today.  Perhaps you should try a firmer mattress?
Everyone you work with will bring Kim Chee for lunch, today.  They're just doing it to be difficult.
Excellent day to slurp soup.  Remember: if you're going to do anything, do it well.  Obviously, that includes slurping.
Today you will be struck by the notion that "Life is like one of those little cars that the Shriners get to drive." You have a mind of great depth and profundity.
Excellent day to fill some pantyhose with popcorn and do the reindeer dance.
Good day to begin construction of a labyrinth.  Everybody loves a labyrinth.
Leek soup day, today.  Despite your recent tendency towards shoplifting vegetables, I highly recommend you buy a leek, not take one.
Today you will be "mooned" by a cat.  Fortunately, you won't notice.
Good day to doodle.
Bad day to tease a yak.
And old friend will call today, who you haven't talked to in years.  He'll remind you that you owe him money.
Your car is possessed again, so you should swing by the exorcist on the way to work.  I always hate it when mine is repossessed...
Today you will discover a lot of money under your pillow!  Unfortunately, it won't begin to cover the cost of the dentures that you will also discover a sudden need for.
Today is not a good day to be yourself.  In fact, that might even be dangerous.  Be someone else, until further notice.
Everyone you see will be "power walking" today.  Ignore them -- they're just trying to get on your nerves.
Good day to power-walk.  It not only looks silly, it is silly.
Good day to bring home a bag or two of live bugs.
Good day to count your blessings.  Both of them.
Stinky feet day, today.  Don't go to a Japanese restaurant.
Today you shall laugh your bitter laugh.  You'll also sneeze your bitter sneeze.
Excellent day to make odd hand gestures at people you don't know.
Remember: people who live in glass houses shouldn't throw stones.  It's ok to throw mashed potatoes, however.
Beware!  Someone is about to come give you a hug.
You are being watched by a large penguin.  Act normal.
You are about to scare several people out of their socks!  It will turn out that they have very ugly feet.
You will be afire with enthusiasm today!  Unfortunately, someone will put you out.
You will write a newspaper article about the Internet today.  Why not?  Everybody else has.
Everyone you know will wear unmatched socks, today.  Actually, it's stranger than you think -- they'll all members of a pagan cult, and this is Sock Swap Day.
Beware of Doug.
Absolutely marvelous day to complain, grumble, gripe, or whine.  Remember: if you're going to do something, do it well.
Today you will order the dinner "special" at a restaurant.  You will regret this, however.  Why?  Okra.
Fortune will smile upon you today.  Actually, it's more of a smirk.
Try not to be too impulsive, today.  Ask youself if you really need that howitzer, or if you just think it'd be fun to have.
Excellent day to fritter things away.
You will wrestle with your conscience today, but will be disqualified for using an illegal hold.
Excellent day to be expansive and benevolent.  It will make people worry.
Nothing unusual today.  Unless you count that episode with the iguana...
Continue hiding.
Good day to wear tropical fruit on your head.
Excellent day to run a new metaphor up the flagpole, and see if anyone salutes.
Good day to bring donuts to a meeting.  Later, ask people how their diets are going.
Some strange "hooting" creature will hide in your bushes today.  You should be able to drive it off by whacking the bushes soundly with a kitchen broom.
Excellent day to make strange "hooting" noises, while hiding in the bushes.
Late in the day today you will notice that people seem to be staring at your nose.  Don't worry.  It's probably nothing.
Don't lose hope!  Conditions like yours are painful and embarassing, but often clear up on their own.
Good day to act extremely childish.
You are about to have an idea of almost mind-boggling brilliance.  Try to remain calm.
Stay well clear of anti-tachyon beams, today.
You will discover a bassoon player hiding in the shrubbery.  That's not something you should try to deal with yourself -- call in the professionals.
You will develop a sudden bizarre craving for a bologna sandwich on white bread with mayonaisse and iceberg lettuce.  Fight it!
Beware of short people.
You will soon learn to fear and loath the word "diaper." Don't know why.
Nothing especially remarkable will happen today.  You will get a strange urge to talk like Ziggy Marley, but it will pass.
During a walk in the woods, you will spot Mick Jagger.  He will be gathering moss.  You will find that strangely disturbing.
Avoid yodelling today.
You will hear screams coming from a Hungarian restaurant, while you are walking by.  Don't worry, though.  That's normal.
Try to avoid nibbling on things today.  Despite recent developments, you don't actually know your friend that well yet.
Don't go out today, without a spatula.  I can't say more.
Don't worry about your hair.  It's your breath that makes people look at you like that.
You will become a bit nervous when you spot the Feldsteins, next door, doing a Bantu war dance.  Perhaps you should call in sick today, and just stay indoors watching Wheel Of Fortune?
Excellent day to sneak.
Do not leave home without a ball of twine, today.  You won't actually need it, but it'll make you feel better to be prepared.
Good day to avoid pickled herring.
Excellent day to make strange mouth noises, particularly in a crowded elevator.
Today you will receive a gift horse.  Unfortunately, it will have a really horrendous case of gingivitis.
Today you will realize that your biggest problem is indecisiveness.  Or possibly procrastination.  Tomorrow may be a better day to figure out which.
While cracking your knuckles today, you will be a bit startled to hear a "ping" sound rather than a "pop." That's a bad habit, anyway.
Good day to learn ventriloquism.  Lesson 1: making squishy sounds when people walk by, in time with their footsteps.
Today will be mostly OK, except that you'll learn to pay more attention in the future to the phrase "Careful, filling is hot!."
Good day to mumble.
It's ok to spill the wine today, if you feel you really have to.  Under no circumstance should you dig that girl, however.
Today you will be either snug as a bug in a rug, or smug as a thug on a drug.  Hard to say for sure.
You will get the peculiar urge to go outside and roll around in something yicky.  Also, you'll notice your ears are getting hairy.
Time to stop beating around the bush.  Beat the bush itself.  Give it a good thrashing, and say "bad bush!" in a loud stern tone.
Excellent day to fidget.
You will be pestered by a small fluffy animal today.  Don't be taken in by appearances -- it's actually a mutant from outer space.
Good day to bring home an insectivore as a pet.
You look rediculous in that.  Go and change.
Avoid friends who've had sudden personality changes, today.  And always watch the skies.
Excellent day for unfettered optimism.  Tomorrow: fettered optimism.
Today you will begin to have nagging doubts about your feet.
It would be best, if you abandoned the Fez.  You aren't that type of person, and it's no use pretending.
Today is an especially bad day to try something new involving explosives.  Try to keep a low profile.
Good day to call an old friend, and reminisce.  (It turns out to be much much harder to reminisce with a new friend, although it's often entertaining to try.)
People around you are starting to look a bit complacent.  Good day to adopt a haunted expression and carry a large ball of aluminum foil.
You will have a rather unfortunate episode involving turnips, today.  Later, however, you'll be able to write a killer song about it.
Excellent day, today.  Unless today is your 15th birthday, of course, in which case you're destined to have a particularly embarassing episode involving a cat and an argyle sock.
Today is the day you will discover your larger cosmic destiny!  A television infomercial and an 800 number are somehow involved.
You will be struck by an odd thought, today.  Fortunately it will be only a glancing blow, and will do little actual damage.
Good day to go on a voyage of self-discovery.  Try to be back in time for dinner, though.
Today you will wonder where idiomatic expressions come from, and whether you can start one yourself.  Be careful, though.  The first person to say "nothing succeeds like success" must have sounded like a real idiot.
Good day to let your imagination soar.  Tomorrow: imagining you're sore.
You still have way too much to do.  You always have too much to do.  If you were any more behind, you would be able to kick yourself.  Ever try saying "no"?  Sheesh.
You will become embroiled in a serious dispute about food.  Feelings will be hurt.  Bygones will eventually be bygones, but not until you ease off on the Tabasco.
You will be misidentified, on national TV, as a renowned ichthyologist.  Several people will call you, long distance, to ask about the mating habits of Tilapia.
You will be plagued by feelings of inadequacy, and will have a feeling of ennui mixed with malaise.  But don't let it get you down!
You will begin a spiritual journey.  The karmic chaos which has surrounded you begins to settle into a new pattern.  Also, you will become strangely fascinated by electric juicers.
What are you looking here, for?  You should be on a spaceship, sticking a fish in your ear.  It's not like you didn't get enough hints.  If you are vaporized, it's your own darned fault, I'd say.
If you don't start flossing more often, the tooth fairy will be a constant companion.  Start taking better care of yourself.
You will be buffeted by hordes of people, who will all simultaneously show up in your office "just to chat." Eventually, you will make your escape by locking yourself in the bathroom.
Thirteen short bearded men will invade your living quarters soon, eat all your food, and drag you off on an ill-advised adventure, much to the amusement of an elderly gentleman of your acquaintance.
You will be offered a chance to go on a journey soon.  It sounds like fun, but you might benefit by looking up La Isla Zancudo in a Spanish-English dictionary before you pack your bags...
A creature from the 7th dimension will become attached to your leg, and will be impossible to remove.  Eventually, you'll simply get used to it.
While attending a sance "just for fun", you will be possessed by the spirit of Rasputin.  Surprisingly, it will be a good career move.
You are sad about an upcoming event, but can do nothing about it.  Try knitting -- people say it's wonderfully relaxing.
You've just finished something, but you're starting to wonder if it would be better if you tried it another way.  Forget it -- that way, madness lies.
When you were young, your heart was an open book.  You used to say "live and let live." But if this ever-changing world, which we live in, makes you give it a miss, say "live and let die." Or something.
Rhubarb pie is the only antidote for your ailment.  Trust me on this one.  Also, someone's been teasing your cat.
You will realise soon that you've missed your true calling in life -- that of a New Vaudevillian, a theatrical marvel of the Age of Cable.  Starting as "Professor Snibble and the Yodelling Pigs!", you'll rapidly achieve notoriety, and (much later, with a different act) respectability.
In a savage reaction against what you view as New Age Wooly-Mindedness, you will write a best-selling book titled I'm Ok, You're A Twerp.  Later, people will often regard you as having "defined" the current decade.
Your plans to take over the world move forward to the next stage, soon, right on schedule.  What you need now is a hunch-backed henchperson with pale protruding eyes.  Fortunately for you, a suitible candidate will soon show up at your door, dressed as a peanut.
You will discover what Shakespeare actually meant, when he wrote "Hey nonny, nonny", in Much Ado About Nothing.  It turns out that it was simply in-field chatter that somehow made it into the play, and that Shakespeare not only enjoyed softball, but was a reasonably good shortstop.
You will have an intellectual discussion with a potato, soon.  You'll be so caught up in whether it was Descartes or Voltaire who first advocated empiricism, that it will fail to strike you as a bit odd that the potato knows much of anything about 17th-century French philosophers.  In fact, it knows more about them than you do.  Later, that will irritate you.
Following up on your accidental observation of the "sock dimension" (remember that sock you saw re-materializing a while back?), you will invent a machine to let you cross over the dimensional barrier.  Sadly, you'll be one dimension off, and will pop into the lost pen & pencil dimension, where you will be severely poked.
You will develop the extremely rare "Perkin's Disease", and will start having a strange compulsion to shoot things with tranquilizer darts, or sell insurance.  Plus, you will try to trick your friend, "Jim", into wrestling a giant anaconda.
If you're not already a vegetarian, you will be.  Someone with the initial "E." will make sure of that.  Ed?  Ernest?  Dunno.  Someone like that.  E.  Coli, is what I see.  Odd name, huh?  Sounds Italian.
Your children will return, but they'll be unnaturally quiet and good-natured.  Eventually, you'll discover how the switch was made.
Twelve freshly cut rods (made from ash) will be found in a peculiar pattern on the lawn.  Two large black crows will watch you solemnly from the top of a parked VW Microbus.  The weather will turn colder, and the air, although clear, will seem grey.  Don't worry, though, it's probably nothing.
The world will be dim and grey, and cold.  Carrion crows will caw at you from the edges of the world, and deep cold water will rush by in rivers without names.  Ahead, on the peak of a mountain, is a glimmering golden light.  Either that, or you'll get gum stuck to your shoe.  (Sometimes these things are hard to read.)
You will quit your job, run away from home, and spend the rest of your days working on a shrimp trawler, under an assumed name.  Personally, I think that's over-reacting.
You will get a notion to become a street food-vendor, and will make yourself a food serving cart for the "Bulghur Baron." You will sell pint containers of hot bulghur wheat, cooked with sauteed onions, garlic, and other vegetables.  To everyone's amazement, you'll succeed fabulously, eventually making millions off the franchise rights alone.
A big spider will be waiting for you in the dark, chuckling its evil spider chuckle, and rubbing it's hairy legs together in a chitinously evil way.  Fortunately for you, someone else will come by before you, and will squish it without a second thought.
Have you ever considered adopting a new life as a "mountain-person"?  Living in the vast mountains and forests of Alaska, hewing an existence from the unforgiving wild Nature of our ancestors?  Nope, me neither.
Chaos will ensue, when you are accidentally hit by a motorist, just as a bus full of lawyers specializing in insurance claims is passing by on the way to a conference.  The bus will literally erupt into a heaving mass of clawing, screaming, and briefcase-bashing lunatics.  Eventually they'll take out a class-action lawsuit against you.
You will find a biography of some famous dead person, at a garage sale, and buy it on a whim.  It will change your life.  You will also soon take up bricklaying, as a hobby.
Your neighbors will have a wild party, which you'll catch glimpses of through the open window.  You'll know you shouldn't watch, but it's just hard to imagine how people can do that, especially on a trampoline.
It was a simple mistake, which anyone could have made.  What's more, now you know better.  I think, though, that the expression is too widespread for you to actually get it changed to "never look a gift horse in either end."
You will start having strange dreams of becoming an aquatic creature.  Eventually, you'll spend nearly all your time in the water, and will attempt to get strangers to throw you fish.
You will attain your dream of having your own cooking show, but it will become tiresome when you have to battle your way past people dressed as chickens to get into the studio each day.
You will independently re-discover an old Celtic trick, which will help considerably with an upcoming math test.  In particular, you'll find that painting yourself blue may do little for your own mathematical abilities, but it will be a significant distraction for everyone else.
An elderly Chinese gentleman will drop by for a visit.  You'll spend the entire visit in complete silence, except for the occasional clink of a teacup in a saucer.
You will finally get the television exposure you've been wanting, by organizing a group of protesters to block the entrance to a physics lab, holding crudely-lettered signs saying "Down With Gravity!."
You will have a secret rendezvous with a representative of a large foreign corporation.  The password will be "fling me a spicy burrito, Stanley." Unfortunately, you may have to say this to quite a few people before you find the right one.
It will turn out that someone you spend a great deal of time with is actually one of the last remaining Sinanthropus (Peking man), rather than an actual Cro-Magnon.  This will explain things you'd been wondering about.
While looking through comparative salary figures, who will discover that the job of "Villiage Idiot", in many metropolitan areas, pays better than that of the mayor.  Don't even consider a career change, though -- it's a lot harder that it sounds.
While poring over some old historical documents, you will discover that the Norman invasion was actually supposed to be the "Bob" invasion, but Norman stole the credit for it.  Sadly, it will turn out to be too late to change it now.
You will have a trifle too much punch at a party this week, and will amuse the other guests by flopping around on the floor an making "Ark!  Ark!" sounds.  But who cares?  If they want to be stuffy, let 'em, I say.
In an attempt to simplify your life, you will discard all of your footwear.  Later you will regret this, but will be too proud to admit it.
You will decide to change your life by taking up fishing.  Unlike the average person, however, you will be "strictly bass." One must have standards, after all.
It will turn out that all of your life up until now was just a peculiar dream, and that you are actually still only 2 years old.  You will find this vaguely irritating.
If you love someone, let them go.  If you hate someone, grab 'em and hang on like a dog with a stick.  Snarl a bit, too -- that's always fairly effective.
Unaccountably, everything you eat will remind you of wild hickory nuts.  This is the first sign of Gibbon's Syndrome, and you should seek immediate medical attention.  You don't want to end up getting arrested for eating your neighbor's shrubbery...
You are developing a strangely magnetic personality.  Soon people you don't even know will begin hanging around with you, hoping for some small sign of your attention.  Also, iron filings will begin sticking to the tip of your nose.
Beware the Ides of March.  Also, if you have a friend named "Brutus", it might behoove you to be a trifle more selective...
So, you've decided to have children.  Congratulations!  You, er, do know that giving birth has been somewhat unfavorably compared to pushing a flaming log through your nostril?  Just thought I'd mention that.
Things aren't going as well as they should for you.  The main thing to do is to find someone else to blame, and move on.
Uh oh.  The cows have come home, and the fat lady is about to sing.  Better come up with some new excuses, quick!  You can do that while you're coping with the unpleasant result of the cows coming home.
Dispite having a brilliant mind and a lot of terrific friends, you find yourself stagnating in a quiet backwater, with financial success nowhere in sight.  You will go into business for yourself, however, making frozen Piroshki based on your grandmother's recipe, and will become rich and famous.  Your grandmother will thwap you with her umbrella.
A martian creature named Yg, who is more than ten thousand years old yet has the disposition of a cranky two-year old child, is hiding under your house.  That's where the raisin-cookies have been going.
Your perfume or cologne has too much patchoulli.  Only an idiot wears patchoulli.  Or a witch.  Hmm.  Er, never mind.  Wear whatever you like.  I'm sure it's quite nice.
A friend will ask you to give her a ride to Main street.  You'll forget where you're going, though, and drive her to Distraction.
About your new idea...  Sure, I'll bet you could sell your handmade voodoo dolls by marketing them over the Internet.  The competition, however, can be "fierce." You might want to stop and consider how many flights of stairs you're interested in falling down, before you commit yourself to that course of action...
You're in luck!  What you thought was existential nausea is really only a mild case of salmonella poisoning.  So you can sell back that Complete Works of Jean-Paul Sartre.
You will spend a lot of time contemplating four-dimensional space.  Unfortunately, you'll keep getting distracted by things popping into non-existance around you.
Time to throw down the gauntlet.  Or, if you can't find a gauntlet, a ski mitten will do.  Just make sure you throw it down.  (That's one heck of a lot more fun than throwing it up.)
As a joke, you will put a remote controlled monster under someone's bed.  That will be really funny, although perhaps not quite as funny as when they put a real monster under yours.
You will get a new job, soon, in which your most important activity will be to periodically "jiggle a little thingie." While it will pay well, this will prove to be somewhat awkward to explain at parties.  Eventually you will hit on the ploy of saying you sell insurance...
There will be a great disturbance in the force, today.  Fortunately, it will be caused by a really funny lawyer joke sweeping through the Universe, so there's no reason for you to worry.
Today you will finally reach the breaking point, since that incessant pounding from your new neighbor's place is driving you nuts!  You will storm over there, but what you find will be very bad news indeed.  Your new neighbor is the Energizer Bunny.
You will be detained by the police today, on suspicion of having removed a tag from a mattress.  Eventually they will let you go with just a warning.
Time heals all wounds, yes.  But that's not really intended to mean that you should tie Time magazine around your sprained ankle.  It's a figure of speech, you see, not meant to be taken literally.  I have heard, however, that Newsweek is good for gout.
You must seize the opportunity that presents itself today, no matter what the consequences may be.  Remember: opportunity knocks but once, and absolutely refuses to ring the doorbell.
Good day to get a potted plant for your office, which you should name "Throckmorton." (The plant, not the office.  Obviously, "Throckmorton" is a completely inappropriate name for an office.  "Wiggins" is a good name for your office, if it doesn't already have a name.)
You will get a postcard from the Forbidden City today, containing some very unsettling news.  You won't realize that, of course, since it will be written in a language you don't understand.
As a joke, you will send off a resume for your dog to a company which wants to hire an extrusion manager.  Surprisingly, he will not only get the job, but will earn more than you.
Today you will suddenly and quite unexpectedly become fascinated by fishing.  You'll spend all your spare time looking through lures, and will videotape all the fishing shows.  Don't lose hope, though -- while there is no known cure for your condition, there's a team working on it at MIT.
You will discover that your manager was frequently taunted with a rubber chicken during his formative years.  This will go a long ways towards explaining some of the things you'd been wondering about.
You will discover an odd amulet in an old curio shop, which is made entirely of holmium and yttrium, and which strongly interferes with the normal functioning of electronics.  Best not to play with things like that.
You will be overly impressed by a commercial for a golf club, which describes it as a "weapon of incredible range and power." You will make people nervous by referring to your pencil as "a weapon of incredible pointyness and surprise."
You will discover a sure-fire method of fooling all the people, all the time.  It will have something to do with Cottage Cheese.
Despite your best efforts, you will be unable to get your book published.  But all you really need to do is change the title!  "A Comparative Study of Invertibrate Parasites" is not likely to be published.  But "A Bucket Full Of Leeches"?  Now that's another story.
People are starting to take you a bit too seriously.  Try wearing your bunny slippers to work.
You are always running out of things to say, at dinner.  Try memorizing a whole lot of facts about commercial fish farming -- that's always a good topic for discussion.
You will soon send off for plans to build your own hovercraft.  Your scheme to disguise it as a giant floating eyeball is a bit silly, though.  Personally, I'd make it look like you were wearing a giant hoop-skirt, in which case the engine sound and levitation might easily be passed off as a rather unfortunate case of intestinal gas.
You are about to invent a night light in the shape of a chess piece, which you will name the "Nighty Knight." You should be ashamed of yourself.
You will inherit millions, along with a rather elderly butler named Hodgson.  You'll have a nice time.
You are about to have an unfortunate episode involving insects, grape Kool-Aide, and a revolving door.
Beware!  The Celestial Jade Emperor may banish you to the Big Grumpy Place if you don't start paying more attention to the four Winds.  Obviously, this is a metaphor, somehow involving Cleveland.
You will notice an odd stone "egg" in an antique shop.  Don't bring it home.  They're very hungry right after they hatch.
People will begin complimenting you on how clean you are.  You will find this strangely irritating.
You will be followed by an evil-looking man in an old green Ford pickup truck.  Surprisingly, it will turn out that following people is just his hobby, and you have nothing to worry about.
You will invent a new type of bath toy today.  It will bring you fame and fortune, although it will also be the cause of an embarrassing appearance on the Letterman show.
You haven't been sleeping well, but that will soon change.  You will develop the knack of falling instantly asleep whenever you want to -- either at night, or during boring meetings.
Good day to put strange labels on your binders and file cabinets, such as "launch codes", "who's been naughty", or "Snerge." This will be quite effective in distracting visitors, so they will often forget what ever they were preparing to bother you about.
A tricky situation will arise today, but you will rise to the challenge and draw it to a satisfactory conclusion.  Oddly, you will hit upon the right thing to do by suddenly recalling an old Gilligan's Island episode.
You will aquire a slight sniffle, today.  (A sniffle is a cross between a dachshund and a cairn terrier, bred especially to spot helicopters.)
Time for a career change.  Have you considered the exciting and lucrative career of "despot"?  One of the nice perks about that is that you can wear a rediculous hat without people laughing at you.
You will be followed by people who look suspiciously like shoe salesmen.  Try to remain calm -- they can sense fear.
You will discover a horror almost beyone imagining today -- your home is inhabited by the ghost of an insurance salesman.  Who you gonna call?
You will discover that you've always had the power to go home, simply by tapping the heels of your bunny slippers together.  Unfortunately, as you will also soon discover, it's not your home.
Good day to ponder the parable of the itsy bitsy spider, and the futility of climbing up water spouts during spring weather.  You'll be able to apply this lesson to one of your current relationships.
You will begin making strange facial expressions, completely unconsciously, in which you push your lips out as far as possible.  Also, you will begin spending hours staring at tropical fish.
You will have a visit from "The Scourge of Valderia." He's thin, small, balding, wears little round glasses, and dresses in a rumpled blue suit.  Still you don't want to cross him.
Due to minor lymph-node infection, several dangerous toxins will shortly be released into your bloodstream.  Not to worry.  You'll survive, and the only permanent brain damage will involve an enthusiasm for polka music.
You will overhear a whispered conversation, regarding how cute it is the way someone wiggles their tushy when they walk.  You will have an uncomfortable feeling that they may be referring to you.  This may make you a trifle self-conscious.
Beware of turnips.
A member of your family will be involved in a tragic accident with an electric nose-hair trimmer.  This will affect your attitude towards product liability lawsuits.
In a daring intellectual coup, you will translate a collection of Zen koans from Chinese directly into Jive, in an attempt to combine the best elements of philosophical thought and emotion.  You will title the collection "Yo Mama By The River."
Despite protests from a variety of organizations, you will organize a charity event called a "squid fling." Due in part to excellent media coverage, you will be quite successful.  Mostly, though, you will succeed because nearly everyone has a secret desire to fling a squid.
Remember: Unexpressed feelings don't die.  They are buried alive and emerge later as Border Collies.  So don't hold anything back!  Tell everyone what you REALLY think of them!  You may lose your job, family and friends, but you won't have a crazed, hyperactive animal hounding your every step.
You will accidentally hit yourself on the head today, while putting away the dishes.  While you won't be seriously injured, you will begin having strange dreams that you are a half-witted Leicestershire workman living in the year 1771.  When you wake up, you won't really know if you're a present-day person who dreamed of being a half-witted workman, or vice versa.  You'll also have the odd impression that someone named Lao Tsu is laughing at you...  (That part is true.)
You will be traumatized by an episode with a stapler, today.  You will be unable to even look at a stapler for several weeks, without trembling.
Today you will discover that you are capable of "channelling", when you start spouting ancient sumerian curses at a short little dweeb who cuts you off in traffic.  You will start taking notes in cuneiform.
You are being followed by a quiet, rugged man wearing cowboy boots, jeans, a large silver belt-buckle, a faded plaid flannel shirt with the sleeves rolled up, and a Carmen Miranda hat.  Perhaps you should hurry.
In a rather bizarre and unfortunate turn of events today, your lips will go ballistic.  Shortly thereafter, your Ziggy Marley accent will kick in.  You will be comforted to know that those are simply the first two signs of a "spaz attack", which is more common than most people realize, and usually non-fatal.
Today you will flip a coin 4 times, and it will come up "heads", "tails", "heads", "heads." Then someone will come up and say "hey, whatcha doing?" Then the phone will ring.  Just a coincidence, though, in this case.
You are about to start a band, with friends, which will be called "Rainy Daze." You will choose that name primarily because one of your group simply doesn't care for "Clenched Buttocks" as a band name.
Tomorrow is a good day to wear your lucky Rocketship underwear.  Try not to leap into rooms while shouting "Hark!" however.
Good time to institute "show and tell" at the office.  Why should kids have all the fun?  You could break the ice by bringing in your stamp collection, no?
You will be attacked by a man wielding a ham sandwich.  Fortunately, you will remember your self-defense lessons, and should be able to drive him off using a bunch of celery.
Today you will be overcome with a sudden strong urge to learn to play a wooden flute while cavorting around in the forest.  I recommend you treat those separately at first.  You'll find what you need under "Music, Instruction" and under "Cavorting, Instruction." Don't get talked into buying any cavorting supplies, though -- they're really only needed by professionals.
While attempting to stifle a yawn today, you will accidentally make a loud "smooching" sound.  Try bringing out your pager, and saying "these new models sure have some interesting sound options, don't they?" I find that works well with several other forms of involuntary noises, as well.
Excellent day to go into politics.  Make up a new government position, such as "Regional Manager, Dept.  of The Posterior", and put up hundreds of posters of yourself.  With any luck, it will be years before anyone notices that there is actually no such job.
Today you will discover that there is nothing more silly than a silly laugh.  A silly nose wiggle ranks pretty highly, though.
Benjamin Franklin said: "If you would like to know the value of money, go and try to borrow some." You're not sure this is an accurate indicator of the value of things, however.  At least not after having tried to borrow a toothbrush...
You are about to leave a footprint in the sands of Time.  The editors of Time would prefer it if you'd ask permission first.
Try being entirely honest for a week.  That's a fine way to develop a clear conscience.  Personally, I prefer my method, though -- a poor memory.
So.  You let your "mole plants" die.  Now the moles are back, and this time they mean business.  No more Mr.  Nice Mole.  Try burying a line of eucalyptus cough drops along your property line.  If that doesn't work, there's a chance you can buy a nuclear warhead from Ukraine.
You've been yodelling in your sleep, again.  Is it any wonder that you've been having trouble with your romantic relationships?
You will develop a passion for Cajun cuisine, and will refuse to eat anything that hasn't been "blackened." Your family will draw the line at blackened corn flakes, however.
Excellent day to just walk down the street, going "Doo wah ditty, ditty dum ditty doo." I'd stop short of taking a walk on the wild side, though.
Good day to wear overalls and discuss bean farming with retired people at a diner or family-style restaurant.  Or at least, that's a lot more fun than what you'd be doing otherwise.
You will become embroiled in yet another argument about crustaceans today.  You will easily trounce your opponent, who will leave in a huff.  He's just being crabby, if you ask me.
Today you will deliberately annoy people by standing too close to them when waiting in line.  Tomorrow: standing just slightly too far away.
By careful detective work and a hidden pressure-sensitive scale, you will discover that the young woman next door weighs the same as a duck.  Be careful!  And if I were you, I'd put your duck on a diet.
It is a joyous time to vaccuum.  Yes, you'll have more fun than you can stand, pushing that new vac around.  So what, if other people don't understand?  Unfortunately, an evil asian gentleman named "Fu" will kidnap your beloved vaccuum cleaner, a few years from now, and you will be faced with an ethical dilemma.  Enjoy life while you still can, is my advice.
While channel-surfing by remote control, you will accidentally happen upon a secret US government channel, and will overhear people in the Pentagon talking about their success with several operatives code-named after various amphibious creatures.  A sudden horrible realization will strike you.  Either that, or you'll get jam on your shirt.
You will rest peacefully, and sink into a strange dream.  In the dream, you will be playing an odd version of soccer with huge clear balloons, and people will be cheering you on from the sidelines, who are dressed in white formal attire.  Don't go into the light.  The extra point isn't worth it.
You will be granted a religious experience of startling significance, similar in some respects to the accounts of statues of the Virgin Mary weeping.  In this case, however, she will sneeze.
Unleash the power you have chained inside you!  Just don't let it make those annoying "yip yip yip" sounds or pee on the lawn, this time.
Remember to put a disclaimer at the bottom of your report, to say that it doesn't necessarily reflect the views of your management, or, for that matter, of any other carbon-based life form.
You'll go out to dinner with a new person, soon.  Remember the advice of my old Uncle Stonebender, though: "It's fine if someone eats like a bird, as long as they don't have kids."
It's ok to whistle while you work.  Your co-workers will draw the line at yodelling while you work, however.  They're probably just jealous.
Remember: loose lips sink ships.  The really strange thing is, nobody's ever been able to explain to me why ships have lips in the first place, especially if they're that risky.
Hmm.  Hard to read this one.  The carrot stopped right between "catches horrible disfiguring disease" and "loses everything in major earthquake." I guess you can pick whichever one you want, in this case.
The bad news is, you're competing for that new job with a Hindu goddess.  The good news is, if you think YOU have trouble figuring out what to do with your hands during an interview...
You will join the ranks of the hipster cognoscienti.  It'll be fun at first, but later you'll start secretly craving casseroles, and it will eventually become such an intolerable pressure that you'll abandon your pale, pierced friends with the clever haircuts and move to Minnesota.
It's time to stop beating around the bush.  Move on to beating around the ornamental shrubbery.
You will find happiness.  It will look a lot like tranquility, only a bit fluffier.
You will finally figure out what the problem is, with your car!  Basically, it has developed a sense of humor.
You will meet someone who you haven't seen in a long time, and will barely recognize them.  At least not without the spiked collar and the whip.
Your ancestors were berserkers -- feared warriors who attacked without fear or common sense.  You will soon enter the same state of mind, and when you finally "snap out of it", you will find an enormous pile of peeled potatoes and family members edging towards the door.
Everyone will stare at you like deer in headlights this week at the office.  Actually, you will later decide that driving your car around inside the office may not be your best-ever idea.
Excellent time to race one of those little Shriners cars up and down the sidewalk twenty thousand million times.  Also, you'll meet an angel, but don't let on that you know who she really is.
Not a good time to discuss sauerkraut.  At least not if you value your friendships, and your sanity.
You'll find a penny when you are out for a walk.  Surprisingly, it will be the key to a wonderful change in your life.  The trick is just to figure out what you can do with a penny, these days.
Your morning grumpiness and sluggishness will vanish soon, when you discover that the problem was just using the wrong type of deodorant soap.  Soon you'll be stepping out of the shower, grinning like an imbecile!
Good time to be happy-go-lucky!  You'll find that works out a lot better than the sad-go-accident-prone you've been trying.
Soon you will start work on a mystery novel, "The Curse Of The Mummy's Nose", told from the point of view of your cat, Erik.
You will accidentally throw your back out.  Not only will that really hurt, but the trash guys will get really surly when you ask for it back.
You will see an ancient symbol appearing in the whorls of your fingerprints.  That, combined with the dreams of apocalypse may make you worry.  I wouldn't though -- it's just a vitamin B12 deficiency.
Excellent time to take up weasel ranching.  Or at least to claim that's what you do, at parties.
You will go into business making those little sugar packets that restaurants use, and make a fortune.  The restaurants will have to use fewer of yours than anyone elses.  Is it due to the pictures on the packets, of really fat people?  Who knows.
You will discover a new "5th law" of Thermodynamics.  The first law says "you can't win." The second law says "you can't break even." The 5th law, however, says "never draw to an inside straight."
You will find yourself using a very old spreadsheet program, soon.  So old, in fact, that the columns have to be either Doric, Ionic, or Corinthian.
You will decide to write a letter to the editor.  "Who is this 'Al Ninyo' guy," you'll say, "and why don't they just lock him up?"
Nobody knows the trouble you've seen.  Let's just hope you can somehow keep it that way!
Bad day to call someone a "whiney gen-x cybercowboy." Tomorrow's better, for that one.
It will occur to you to wonder, what if Jesus had actually said "The geek shall inherit the earth", but was just misquoted?  Then you'll think of Bill Gates.  Then you'll start to worry.
Someone will ask "How are you?" for the millionth time.  You should celebrate the occasion by having a speech prepared - something embarassingly intimate is usually best.  "Glad you asked, Bob.  I'm having a darned tough time getting rid of these pesky genital warts, for one thing..."
Excellent time to show the world that plaid and stripes do too mix.  (Tip #12 of Arnold Pinknobble's "How To Get Noticed.")
Good time to start on your trophy collection!  (You can have them made for yourself, you know.) Personally, I've won the "International Tiddly Wink Open" three years running.
You will invent a cool machine that will automatically make over 800 different varieties of coffee drinks.  Unfortunately, everyone will go back to drinking just plain coffee.
Excellent time to start a new company, making software to help people with mental problems.  You will call it SchizoSoft.  Your motto: "Who Do You Want To Be Today?"
In one of those amusing misunderstandings that often happen due to bad phone connections, you will show up to go on a hike with something unexpected.  If you stop and think about it, you'll realise that it isn't that likely someone would say "It may be cold, so be sure to bring a goat."
Good time to learn to play the harmonica.  If you get one of those coat hanger thingies to hang around your neck, you can even play it while you're typing!
You may be drinking a little bit too much coffee lately.  That could explain why everyone else is moving so slowly, or why they say "What was THAT!?" in a verrrrry slow, deep voice, every time you walk by.
Excellent time to hum popular songs, just slightly off key.  If you do that long enough, the people around you will change in appearance.  You'll be able to see the veins in their neck, for one thing.
You are coming down with a truly horrendous cold.  The kind of cold that makes everyone else miserable, just by looking at you.  That's just the kind of inconsiderate behavior people are starting to expect from you, too.
This will be a very happy week for you.  And you know what they've been saying about that for thousands of years, don't you?  "Happy Good!  Me Like Happy!"
You've been complaining too much, lately.  You might find more to enjoy in your life by watching a documentary about a lot of people starving to death in miserable third-world slums.  I know that always cheers me right up!
Time to develop new friendships, and possibly to get a new hair style.  Personally, I'm working on the "wacky inventor" hair style, in which I wash my hair at night and go to bed with it still damp.  It's not a look for everyone, however.
A good time to learn to laugh at yourself.  Or, develop multiple personalities!  That way you won't be laughing at you, you'll be laughing with you.
Family problems again.  It'll be just like that Rolling Stones song, about how you "Can't Always Get What You Wa-ant", except that in your case, you can replace one of the words with "Ever." Try being positive and future-focused.  Also, pretend you don't speak English.
You feel like you're slowly being crushed at work, in a mental and spiritual sense.  Perhaps travel would refresh you?  For spiritually beneficial travel, I usually consult my neighborhood Astral Travel Agency.
You will be forced to re-evaluate your boss' IQ, when you discover that he is looking forward to the release of "Titanic II."
Good day to use the expression "just dandy" as much as possible.  Tomorrow: "okey dokey" day.
Something will start to bother you, and you will eventually have to ask someone to explain it.  The thing is, some birds have very acute hearing - so WHERE ARE THEIR EARS??
Time to make a bold new fashion statement.  What's the reason for matching socks, anyway?  Why are people so obsessed with sartorial symmetry?
You may lose sight of what is truly important to you, if you're not careful.  In other words, it not whether you win or lose, it's whether you end up with your leg in a cast for 3 months.
You will find a renewed interest in home repair or remodelling soon.  Oddly, that will occur shortly after a visit by your nephew.
This is a time when you need to hold on to your dreams.  Or in other words, reality is becoming too much for you, and you should try to escape into a bizarre fantasy life.  Heck, it works fine for Ross Perot, doesn't it?
Nobody knows the trouble you've seen.  Except for Bob, that is.  You know - the quiet neighbor, with the binoculars?
You need to work harder on your friendships.  Why, you sometimes don't even like yourself that much, do you?  Be nice to yourself this week - buy yourself some flowers or a nice gift.  And stop suspecting yourself of having an ulterior motive!
Time to look for a new job.  You should be able to find work as a surgical assistant.  And stop worrying so much!  Everyone else lies about their background, too.
Having trouble sticking to that diet, aren't you?  It's even harder when you see all those enticing commercials for fast food on TV.  The trick to dealing with those is to use your imagination - mayonaisse becomes shaving cream, a burger becomes coompressed compost, and everything else is coated with synthetic motor oil.  Which, these days, is pretty close to the truth.
You've about had it with one particular fool in your life.  Have you considered investing in a tranquilizer gun?  Mine comes in very handy, especially at work.
This week, you'll discover a trick to make those meetings seem more interesting.  Imagine that everyone else has a ferret clinging to their head.
You've been a little down lately, and it's time to snap out of it!  You've got to smell the roses while there's time, since you're not going to live forever.  Which is good, since you're already seeing hair in funny places...
You will discover the secret to becoming a great artist!  You can stick anything you want on the wall, the trick is to make people think deep thought went into it.  For example, spray-paint a bathroom plunger gold, and stick little angel wings on it.  Call it "Life In The Details."
Your neighbor thinks his dog is so smart, it's starting to bug you.  The thing to do is cover a book with a book cover that says "Quantum Physics for Dogs", and train your dog to lay next to it, along a pad of paper covered with scribbled equations and a chewed-on pencil...
You will develop a strange fascination with steamed vegetables.  Which is OK.  Much better than, say, an enthusiasm for steamed toast.  (Whenever someone asks me what kind of toast I want, I always say "To Friends, Old and New!")
Someone nearby will read something out loud to you soon, which you might consider fairly obvious - such as "Blows to the head are a common cause of brain damage." The best reply to this is "Huh?"
This week you will discover the first of the Three Big Secrets Of Success: It's really hard to fail, if you have no purpose.
A coworker is going to steal one of your best ideas and claim it as his own.  That's about what you should expect, though, from a cow "orker."
Remember: it usually helps convince everyone you are right, if you jump up and down and yell.
Good week to greet everyone with great enthusiasm.  For example, "Bob!  You're still alive!" (Everyone likes to feel appreciated.)
This week you will angrily tell someone that you are more than just a name and a number!  You are also punctuation!
What you are about to do is wrong.  Of course, you will only find that out much later.  For now, enjoy yourself!
Good time to invest in flowers and a card.  Sometimes no occasion is the best occasion.  Just like sometimes no disfiguring disease is the best disfiguring disease, I guess.
Your slogan for the week should be "Carpe Dium", or "Sieze the Day!." Once you sieze it, give it a good shake, just to prove you mean business.
This week, you are the bug and everyone else is the really huge shoe.  Your objective: don't be noticed.
You will soon accidentally discover why it is that so many things "taste like chicken." It's because they ARE chickens, in clever disguises.
Good time to consider capitalizing on the wave of 70's nostalgia that is sweeping the land.  Why not try making shag carpeting?  At least you should sit around in your beanbag chairs and discuss it.
You are at a turning point in your life.  Turn left.
Excellent time to do some personal reengineering.  I mean, face it - your mother simply wasn't much of an engineer...
Someone will ask you what you want to do this weekend.  That may seem like a good time to say "What am I, psychic?" It's not, though.
This week you will feel like corn.  Just not like having any.
Someone who you really dislike, who is arrogance personified...will be nice to you.  This is a good time to be afraid.
Drip, drip, drip.  Dunno.  Something like that will be in your life, soon.  I'll bet it's something good!
Good time to wear WAY too much cologne.  Well actually, that's generally not a problem for people who wear cologne.  Usually, they have no sense of smell.  (Oh come on - you think they'd do that on purpose??)
Time to commit some random acts of kindness.  I have developed an algorithm for this.  The next time someone asks you for a quarter (or any small coin), take one out of your pocket, and toss it in the air.  Heads, give it to them.  Tails, put it back in your pocket, and tell them you haven't got any.  Or whatever - remember, the important thing is to be RANDOM.
Your main problem?  You're not eating NEARLY enough strudel.
You've been finding that the best-laid plans of mice and men often go astray.  Or is that awry?  Awiggly?  It's something along those lines.  Anyway, the thing to do is to fire your mice.
Someone you don't like will make repeated attempts to talk to you today.  The best way to handle this is to stuff extremely crunchy food in your mouth during each attempt, and then mumble "What?" while looking at something slightly over their left shoulder.
This week will find you explaining gender roles to the clueless.  For example, men MUST continue to channel surf on the TV, no matter how interesting the show is that they stumble onto.  Women must watch what shows up on the channel they're watching, no matter how boring it is.  It's just how these things are done.  Women commit and regret it.  Men don't commit and regret it.  It's in our genes.  Some kind of adenine/guanine/trampoline chemical thingie.
Good time to be logical and willing to admit error.  This will amaze and confuse everyone, and some of them will be so flustered that they'll try it themselves.  Just don't keep it up for too long - you might get "stuck" like that, and go through the rest of your life like some kind of freak!
This may be a good time to take up squid farming.  Provided that you can figure out what type of hat to wear, that is.
You will tend towards simplicity in your life.  The Voluntary Simplicity movement has been gathering momentum lately, so you'll have plenty of company.  And heck, who cares if it's "voluntary", right?
You've always felt, like Socrates, that the unexamined life is not worth living.  There's no need to use a microscope, however.
You will find that it is true - everything is better with the addition of either chocolate or garlic (but not both).  Well, except for running shoes, that is.
In a strange turn of events, it will turn out that people wearing glasses not only look smarter, they ARE smarter (and have better memories).  You'll forget all about that when you take off your reading glasses, of course.
Good time to invest in collectible things you never had any use for.  Susan B.  Anthony dollars may make a good start.  (Unlike your usual investments, the value of those can only plummet so far...)
Your requests are being ignored.  Often you can get people to pay attention by simply adding a few words to the end of your request, such as "Pick up your socks, dear, or die screaming."
Good time to get involved in the Fiber Arts.  Why not see what you can do with Metamucil?
It's about time you became better acquainted with mustard.  Get yourself 7 different kinds of mustard, and try them with oven baked home fried potatoes, or in sandwiches with good bread and fresh vegetables and some excellent Swiss cheese.  My granddaddy Stonebender always used to say "Take a big enough bite of strong mustard, and your other problems will seem insignificant."
Someone will turn a cold shoulder to you, and your feelings will be hurt.  You'll get even by turning a tepid elbow to them, later.  Just don't let it escalate to the blazing ankles stage, is all.
Soon you will find yourself at another dull party, where the only person you know is who you came with.  You'll need to use Tip #39 of my book "101 Ways To Break The Ice": Ask someone who they are, after introducing yourself.  When they say their name, repeat it back to them as "YOU'RE Bill Smith???" "Uh, yes" "Well, you sure can't believe everything you hear, can you?" "What do you mean?" "Well, it's just that you don't look at ALL like a weasel, you know?  Or at least, hardly at all."
You will accidentally step on someone's foot, and they will say "Ow!." That's when I usually say "No pain, no gain." Sometimes people don't like me.  I've never figured out why.
You will go to a wedding soon, at which you will be uncomfortable.  You'll have fun throwing rice, though.  In fact, chances are good that you'll take up rice throwing as a hobby.  "It's not just for weddings any more," you'll say.
In a strange form of protest against the new trends in personal adornment, you will make mooing sounds whenever you see someone with a nose ring.  Coincidentally, some of them will say "Hay!"
Nothing ventured, nothing gained, is the rule for now.  In fact, "nothing" will play a very large part in your future.
Good time to become involved in a secret plot to overthrow someone or something.  Personally, I think your best bet is to start small.  You can pick up some tips in "Overthrowing Things For Fun And Profit" by Kwan No, M.D., Ph.D.
Something is about to become overly intimate with you.  Intimacy can be good.  Just not with fungus.
You've been trying to sell your car, and it just isn't going anywhere.  Sometimes it helps if you have a name for your vehicle, to give it more character.  I call mine the "Millenium Falcon." My passengers often become irritated at being called "Chewie", though.
You will discover a small flaw in your character.  Meditation and Ginseng tea might clear it up.  Or if not that, then a few gallons of cheap wine and an adventure involving a cart filled with garbage, some gold coins, and a goat.
It will occur to you that there may be something behind the heroic and daring exploits of people in commercials for snack foods.  You are absolutely right - in fact, snack foods can be dangerous if over-indulged in.  I once wrestled a giant anaconda after downing a bag of Ranch flavored potato chips and a Hostess HoHo.
Good time to compliment your friends.  If you can't think of anything else to say, tell them they're looking "very buff." That will leave them pleased, but slightly uneasy, and they'll spend a lot of time looking in the mirror.
As a joke, you should put an 8-foot-tall mucous-covered "egg" in your friend's basement.  Then, when he or she goes down to do a load of laundry...
Someone will ask you for your advice.  Don't give it!  Or if they insist, simply shake your head solemnly, and mutter "Much bad juju", and refuse to clarify.  They only want a scapegoat.
This is a good time to get out there and make a difference!  I'm often tempted to do that, but I just can't figure out where "there" is -- every time I get there, it's here.  Maybe if I run really fast?  Oh well, if you figure it out, be sure to make a difference.
Someone will tell you that you "run funny." Just ignore them.  (And be very glad they didn't see you throwing a baseball.)
You've been getting tired of the same old "look", day after day.  Maybe you should get a tattoo?  I'll bet people with tattoos never get tired of 'em!
You will spend this week trying to get to the bottom of things.  The good news is, you will succeed!  The bad news is, the bottom of things is sometimes ugly, and often smells bad.
Noticing a picture on a colleague's desk, you will comment "I've never cared for those hairless cats." That might not be a good thing to say.  Newborns can be a bit blotchy, and new parents can be a bit touchy...
You will come up with a theory about people - that you can learn a lot about them, simply by removing the first letter of their name.  For example, Ron -> On.  That's why I'm on-line.  That also explains why Hugh acts so primitive, sometimes.  And if I were you, I'd avoid Alice.
You will discover a secret about the Spice Girls - most of them can't tell Cumin from Coriander.  In fact, some of them are vague about whether Black and Red Pepper come from different types of plants.  You will quite sensibly decide to avoid going to their place for dinner.
Unknown to you, people think you are a wimp - just because of your weak handshake.  You need to get one of those hand exercisers, and use it constantly for a few months.  Then, crush their little hands into pulp!
You will invent a new type of lingerie, and will make millions.  The stripes are the key to your success.  You will call it "Ze Bra."
Those spiders are growing larger around your house, and it's becoming more of a challenge to escape.  You may want to consider acquiring a flame thrower.  (Hint: illicit nuclear dump nearby.)
What fun!  You'll be called in to a special meeting at work soon, where someone will have a "pink slip." Sounds like party attire to me!
Bad news: people think you're becoming paranoid.  Isn't that just typical, though?  I mean, they don't even HAVE invisible malevolent air-squids spying on THEM, do they?
Things haven't been going well for you lately, and you're sinking into a fairly ugly bit of self-pity.  You merely need to count your blessings!  (1) You've got a tremendous talent, which some day may be in demand, (2) You're almost normal -- LOTS of people have extra appendages, (3)...
It's about time you learned some more recipes dealing with zucchini.  Lots and lots of zucchini.  You'll need one of those new Martha Stewart "Kitchen Shovels", I'm afraid.  The good news is, you'll find several nice zucchini recipes in my new cookbook "Recipes For Disaster" (the sequel to "Another Fine Mess").
You'll become part of the Formal Attire Resurgence movement.  Be wary of the Casualist Party though - there's someone out there just dying to spit on your spats.
Later this week you'll feel much like Scarlet O'Hara did, when she said, "I'll never be hungry again!"
You will write some office email soon that positively sparkles with comic irony.  You'll be asked to knock it off.
Due to forces beyond comprehension, you will begin talking with a Texas accent.  Eventually, you'll come out with audio tapes to teach this to others, which you will call "Bubba-Bonics."
You've got to learn to slow down.  You're driving yourself and everyone around you crazy.  Just pretend that your life is a Prince Valiant comic strip.
You're about to spend a considerable amount of time with someone who personifies "dour." The kind of person who never once clapped for Tinkerbell, even as a child.  Just ignore them, if you can.  If you can't ignore them, pretend they are a duck.
This might be a good time to refer to your roommate as "Watson" and say things like "The game's afoot!." Eventually, you'll be able to reconstruct an entire evening's events from a spilled drop of raspberry vinaigrette.
Today will be especially trying, and if you're not careful, you could end up in a pretty grumpy frame of mind.  Take precautions!  Wear your E.T.  underwear.
This might be a good time to decide what you want to be when you actually do grow up.  I'm guessing that you'd be best off as either a yodeling oceanographer, or possibly a bovine pathologist.
It's time for you to consider being kinder to your feet.  And stop taking them for granted!  For example, when's the last time you sat down and had a nice friendly chat with them?  Do it today!
You're having trouble getting your elderly relatives to pay attention to you.  Have you tried talking with a Scandinavian accent and using a soap bubble machine?  That, and accordion music, always do the trick for me.
Tomorrow when you wake up, you'll make an unpleasant discovery.  Sometime during the night, you'll have been visited by the nostril hair fairy.
You will join a team, and have lots of fun.  I'm not sure what sport it is, but the team name will be "The Screaming Weasels."
You will vow to always tell the truth, but it will backfire on you.  Most people find that kind of behavior highly suspicious, and more than a little deviant.
You know that how you dress will invevitably send a message to those around you.  In this case, your message is "Help!  Help!"
Bide your time, and don't do anything rash or in anger.  Remember: Revenge is a dish best served cold, with a light bearnaise sauce.
If you keep going the way you are, you'll soon be fit as a fiddle!  (And as you know, a fiddle is very buff, for a stringed instrument.)
You will find that if you deliberately mispronounce "sir" as "sair", you can answer a lot of questions with either "yes air" or "nose hair."
Ever had one of those times when you ask someone "What are the crunchy things in the oatmeal?" and they say "Crunchy things?" Soon, you will.
You will soon need to look older than you actually are.  Bushy eyebrows generally do the trick.  You'll find that a little rubber cement and a pair of sleepy hamsters are just what you need.
Soon you will get into accounting, "just for the thrill of it."
This is a good time to start becoming a connosieur.  You have to take that one thing at a time, though - e.g.  nobody is going to become a wine connosier overnight.  Start with something that's fun to say.  Pumpernickel, for example.
You will come across a matchbook that will change your life.  Inside the cover it will say "You too can be a criminal mastermind!"
You will finally begin your novel!  This is very good, since if you'd decided to write a screen play, you would have had to move to California and drive a taxi.
You will mosey, this week.  There's nothing that wrong with moseying, after all, and it's occasionally just what is needed.  In fact, you'll soon begin work on "Mosey Your Way To Fitness", a best-selling self-help book on the topic.
Remember: good people are good because they gain wisdom through failure.  Happily, there's every reason to believe you'll become much better soon!
Ian McHarg once said, "Man is a blind, witless, anthropocentric clod who inflicts lesions upon the earth." You will come up with a brilliant rebuttal to this, soon.  You will say: "So?"
You find that after all these years, you are finally beginning to conquer your fears.  You will find that oddly frightening.
You will finally come to understand what Mies Van der Rohe was talking about when he said "Less is more." He was talking about his brother, Lester Van der Rohe, and was referring to a small weight-gain problem.
If you want someone to change, it's often good to give them a painful option and a less painful option, and let them choose their own course.  For example, "Do you want to pick up you own wet towel, dear, or would you like to have a live weasel stapled to your leg?"
Confucious said "Choose a job you love, and you'll never work a day in your life." Confucious was a Harvard man, you know, with a huge trust fund.  He certainly never "worked" a day, himself.  I wouldn't take what he said too literally, in your case.
Remember that those who do not learn from history are doomed to repeat it.  Normally that's not a big deal, but since your accounting department just changed its name to "The Mongol Horde", you might take notice.
You need to do something about that nervous laugh.  Practice an "evil laugh" and use that instead.  Then at least, you'll be able to hear everyone else's nervous laughter.
Life is beginning to bet a bit stale, isn't it?  Whenever that happens to me, I concoct some sort of prune-related recipe and send it off to the food editor of the local daily.  You might give that a try.
This is a good time to remember Einstein's advice, to make things as simple as possible, but no simpler.  That applies both to theoretical physics, and in your case, to dinner.
Try to praise in public and criticize in private.  Just never, ever, criticize privates.
Remember - every cloud has a silver lining, and every problem is an opportunity in disguise.  So next time you see a problem, just imagine it without the fake nose and glasses.
It's time to start setting higher goals.  Don't get stuff to make a salad and then let it rot in the fridge.  Get stuff to make several salads, and start your own compost pile!
You need to stop accepting responsibility for your own life.  Everything is actually the fault of that darned liberal media, you know.  You'd be nearly perfect, or at least much thinner, if it wasn't for them.
Pinch your pennies, this week.  Next week: fondling your nickels.
You need to be a bit more brusque, to cut down on your interruptions.  Stay just this side of gruff, however - and make sure you don't stray into crustyness.
You, for one, have just about had it with all this "Globalization." Time to go on a diet!
Why did life develop in this fragile boundary between earth and sky?  Because life exists at the edge of chaos.  You'll find that is particularly true, this week.
To your chagrin and horror, you will find yourself humming along with "muzac" in the grocery store.  It's the beginning of the long slow slide, I'm afraid.  Next stop: collecting "nick nacks."
This week, try to live your life based on the ad copy of a men's cologne.  For example: "The mood of the sea, and the spirit of the wind" (Cool Water, by Davidoff) Or perhaps: "Disturb the equilibrium" (Catalyst for Men, by Halston)
You may have to share a hotel room with a business colleague, to save travel expenses.  Here's a tip to keep them from talking all night: bring along a teddy bear, and punch it really hard in the head a few times at bedtime, screaming "Shut up, Mr.  Teddy!  Shut up!."
Soon, through no fault of your own, you will catch someone underlining words in a library book.  It's just one of those signs, you know?  Before the Apocalypse.
This is a good time for you to start your on-line loan shark business.  Start small, though.  Try to be sort of a "loan piranha", at first.
You should look into some of that new "dream interpretation" software.  That recurring dream about being naked in a hot tub with the Pope and Bill Gates is probably a really common one.
Time to start looking for a new car.  Try to find one with more personality, this time!  (And less of a sense of humor.)
Good time to get your finances in order.  Luckily, in your case that simply means putting the one dollar bills in front of the fives, in your wallet.
Your next fortune cookie will say "See?  We told you it taste like chicken!"
Remember: you can't tell your boss to get lost.  You can, however, give him the wrong directions.
Another one of those excrutiatingly boring meetings today.  Try to liven things up by summoning one of the people back from the dead.
It's time to get a new perspective on your job.  Try to think of work as a great big funhouse.  Just without the fun.
You're fussing with your hair too much.  Perhaps you should temporarily cut back on shampoo.  Or at least demand real poo.
You just need to start believing in yourself.  Try getting other people to clap their hands, if they believe in you.
This may be a little late, but heck, late is better than never.  You know when they said to shop naked?  They meant shopping on-line...
You are being followed by fierce warriers of the Nez Perce tribe.  You know - those guys with the little frameless glasses on the chains around their necks?  Not surprisingly, many of the Nez Perce became fierce librarians.
Everyone's talking about Nostradamus these days, but nobody ever remembers his first name.  Except you.  People may think it's pretentious of you to talk about "Bob Nostradamus", but who cares?  They'll all die when the comet hits, anyway.
You should give your car a name, so people will be more impressed when you give them a ride.  I think you should call yours "The Federation Starship Intrepid." And always do that little two-finger wave and say "engage", when you start off, of course.
Your window of opportunity is rapidly closing!  Don't worry too much, though - the screen door of possibility is still ajar.
That new employee seems honest, and is a really hard worker - so who cares if she wants to wear a studded dog collar?  You'll have to draw the line at butt sniffing, though.
Relationships are a lot like tables.  One leg is love, one is trust, one is shared pleasures, and one is shared dreams.  Lasting relationships need all four legs for balance, to hold up the burden of your troubles.  In your case, though, you'll never get rid of that irritating wobble.
Lately you feel blessed with great abundance, as though your cup runneth over.  Basically, you just need a bigger cup.
A romantic episode will take you by surprise.  Tip: the important thing to remember when dealing with circus performers, is not to suggest having a "fling."
You will be "on the move", soon.  Especially movements of a gastrointestinal nature, as it turns out.  Good day to stay close to home.
Your popularity is on the rise, at last.  People think of you as warm and fuzzy, and have a secret desire to hug you.  Don't let them see you during a full moon, however.
Sometimes you need to take one step back to make two steps forward.  In this case, you'll need to go considerably further back.
Try not to attract attention today.  This might be a good time to learn the art of disguise.  Forget about camoflage suits, though - I tried wearing mine to the mall, and people could still see me, even when I crouched and remained very still.
Good day to embrace diversity.  Wear mismatched shoes.
A bit of investigation is called for, today.  Look for clues that seem out of place.  Also, check with the man behind the curtain.
You'll get your big break today!  Try not to blow it.  And stand up straight - shoulders back!  That's better.
Too much "musk" in that cologne - don't try it.  Or if you do, bring along a few carrots for the moose.
Today's a good day for original thinking and bursts of creativity.  Also, not a good day to wear flammable clothing.
Money will come from an unexpected source.  If you put it in a mesh bag and run it throught the washer, you'll get most of the smell out.
It's time to move on to bigger and better opportunities.  Be sure to be outrageously nice to everyone until you leave - they'll only remember the last bit, anyway.
Uh oh.  Mars is out of alignment, again.  Not a good day to hang out with stupid, violent, heavily-armed ex-convicts.  Save that for tomorrow.
Focus on financial issues today.  It's OK to keep putting your money in your mattress, but you might want to switch to paper money.  (It's less jingley.)
Good day to try impressing someone in authority.  Why not show them how good you are at making under-arm noises?  That's always good for making a lasting impression.
Excellent day for light conversation.  Good starting points might be "Have you ever thought much about death?" or "Where's the strangest place you ever had sex?."
Try to think of life as a game, today.  For fun, make up new rules.
This will be a very musical day for you, today.  Next time, try to remember the Beano(tm)?
Today you will discover Pablo Picasso's secret.  He didn't deliberately invent cubist art.  He just liked painting accident victims.
Not a good time to go forth and conquer.  Try going fifth, and hover in the background.
Your ship will come in today!  Unfortunately, you won't have anywhere to put it.
Put all your eggs in three baskets, today - metaphorically speaking, of course.  You can kiss your first two baskets goodbye.
Today will be one of those days when everything reminds you of wild hickory nuts.  Tomorrow: everything reminds you of peach yogurt.
Don't worry -- that fortune cookie was wrong.
Oh go ahead.  You know you want to.  Besides, nobody is watching.
Good day to get yourself one of those aromatherapy candles that you see in gift stores.  Try "Love" or "Inspiration" for example.  (Avoid "Death" or "Decay.")
Not a good time to put all your eggs in one basket.  In fact, what's this sudden egg thing about, anyway?  Perhaps you should see someone.
Good time to go into business making measuring spoons.  Good ones to start with would be a "smidgeon" and a "pinch."
More trouble with that annoying "bluebird of happiness" today.  With any luck, the cat will get it.
Beware the toilet plunger of Doom.
Good day to focus on simplicity and order.  For a simple dinner, for example, order pizza.  See how easy that is?
Let the golden sun of happiness burn away your inner fog of disgruntlement.  Remember: gruntled people are more fun!
Life will deal you an interesting hand soon.  Which is OK, although an interesting foot would have been better.
Sadly, nobody will like your latest recipe invention.  Perhaps the world isn't ready for a meatloaf smoothie?
This might be a good time to consider night school.  That's night, not knight.  Unless you enjoy clanking around in armor, of course.  Some people do.
You might have that mole on your back checked out.  It may actually be a gopher.
Watch out for vines, today.  Sometime's it's hard to tell the difference between a vine and a creeper, until it's too late.
Beware of Chihuahuas today.  Actually, any day is a good day to beware of Chihuahuas.  They're not intrinsically evil like minivans, but they're definitely a step in the wrong direction.
Excellent time to make up your own names for kitchen implements.  You'll discover that you don't have nearly enough sticklers, but that you have every reason to be proud of your flatula.
Remember: it's a pride of lions, a gaggle of geese, and a murder of crows.  More important for you today, though: a group of budgies is a "bludgeoning."
An apple a day will keep the doctor away.  Another tip you should consider: fresh figs can be used to avoid plumbers.
Good day to make as much goulash as possible.
Today you will get a wrong number phone call.  See how long you can keep them on the line before they figure it out.  Extra points if you can get them to tell you their height and weight!
Excellent day to shuffle your feet.  Remember: it's OK to shuffle your feet or to shuffle your cards, but you should never shuffle your nose.
Good day to get into the groove.  Be groovy.  Try saying that out loud.  Go on...  groovy groovy groovy!  Oh yeah!  Tomorrow: being hep-cat-daddy-o.
It's time to tell your friend to quit wearing that rediculous goatee.  Why not recommend a sheepee, instead?
This might be a good time to learn how to really "flick" your fingers.  You never know when a good flick will be needed.  I'm betting it's soon, though, in your case.
Your relationship is reaching the point where you may as well discuss the Big Question - there's no point in going further if you don't see eye to eye on that.  By Big Question I'm referring to "crunchy" versus "creamy", of course.  Why, what did you think I meant?
Today you should enjoy "postlaunch solarizing." Q: What does that mean?  A: How should I know?  It's your life, you tell me.
This might be a good time to recontextualize your imponderables.  If you know what I mean.
You will invent a modernized version of the ancient game of horseshoe throwing.  You will call it "hubcaps." This will have several advantages over the older game, not least of which is that a car doesn't kick the crap out of you when you try to steal its hubcaps.
Try to avoid things that are squooshy today.  Especially giant green squooshy things that probably came from outer space.  (Hint: most giant green squooshy things are, in fact, from outer space.)
Everyone you work with will start spending a lot of time balancing things on their nose.  This could be bad.  You may have a renegade seal trainer lurking in your midst!
You'll need to find a present soon - you're almost out of time.  Try to find a good deal on a dibble.  Everybody needs a dibble.  Some people even like a double dibble, but if you ask me, that's going too far.
A friend will ask you for help, but you should turn them down, silently, with a sad little shake of your head.  When they ask what's wrong, sigh deeply, and mutter "nothing, it's nothing".
Today you will overhear people talking about you, and realize that you're an incredible bore who nobody likes.  Go to the library and ask the librarian for advice.
An old flame will call today, and invite you to lunch.  It's actually a trick to try to get you involved with AmWay.  Also, check page 5 of the newspaper for something you've been waiting for.
Today you will be overcome by a desire to learn a new skill, probably knitting.  Resist it.  You will read something about power tools, in a magazine with a blue cover, which will change your life.
Today you will make new friends, one of whom will eventually borrow a large sum of money from you, prior to skipping town.  Try to avoid fatty foods.
Today you will get one of those pimples that just suddenly appears, and you will only notice it when you glance in the mirror after a very important meeting.
Seek out new life, and new civilisations, today.  Boldly go where no-one has gone before (just don't get caught).
You will have a grilled cheese sandwich and tomato soup for lunch, and will receive a phone call from a man named "Sven", but who tells you his name is something else.  Don't believe him for a second.  He will be very impressed that you knew his actual name.
You will call someone today, who will insist on calling you "Sven".  Humor them -- act impressed that they know your "real" name.
What ever you do today, don't panic.  Remember to bring a towel.  Government bureaucracy figures heavily in your life, soon.
You will decide that you like the name "Sven" better than your own, and you begin encouraging people to call you that.  Eventually, you will have your name legally changed.
You didn't sleep well, last night.  You won't sleep well, tonight.  In fact, chances are very good that you'll be tired and cranky for the rest of your life.  Try to think of this as an opportunity to grow, spiritually.
Today you will buy a package of those birthday-party confetti-blaster thingies, and will rig booby traps for several of your friends.  One of them will die of a heart-attack, due to the surprise, and you'll be plagued with horrible undying guilt for the rest of your life.  Plus, you will run out of toothpaste, today.
Today the universe will stop expanding, and start contracting.  You will be the only one who notices.  Also, you will develop a strange desire to wear golf shoes.
You will have left-over lasagna for lunch.  This is odd, because you don't remember the lasagna being made in the first place.  Just one of those little mysteries that haunts you in life.
Today you will wake up with a nasty crick in your neck, combined with a periodic twinge in your back.  Everyone who sees you will be left with the impression that you are being either aloof or spastic (or both).  Also, you will spill soup on your best shirt.
You will go on a boat ride, and a deranged bunny will swim towards you in a threatening manner.  Unfortunately, this episode will be caught on videotape by a tourist, and your dreams of a political career will be forever dashed.
Secret society day, today.  Don't join -- no matter how much you like the secret handshake.  Also, good day to swear off pickles.
Two people near you will engage in sudden, violent, rubber-band warfare.  You will be caught in a crossfire, and severely thwapped.  Next time, consider wearing protective headgear indoors.
Today you will dredge something up from the collective unconscious, but after a moment's reflection, you will toss it back.  Also, you will make an embarrassing sound in mixed company.
Today will be a complete waste of time.  You will at least learn to spell "equaminity"...er..."equanimbity"...no...hmmm.  You will learn to spell a word like that, today.
Today you will use the phrase "hep-cat daddy-o" one too many times, and your friends will tie you to a chair, and gag you.
Arachnids will be especially troublesome today.  Chances are only fair that you will make it through the day without tangling with one or more giant Amazonian tarantulas.  Keep a stick within reach, is my advice.  A <i>big</i> stick.
You will spend most of the day attempting to tie knots in a piece of cord, using only your toes.  You will be unable to say why, but this will seem like a useful skill to you, at the time.
Today you will discover a hair growing in an odd place.  Don't worry about it, unless the odd place is your eye.
A tomato features in today's cuisine.  Sadly, that's going to be your pinnacle of excitement for today.
An odd smell, probably like that of chocolate milk drying on a linoleum floor, will bring back a flood of childhood memories.  You will remember your locker combination from seventh grade, for example.  Ironically, this will happen during a boring yet important meeting, and you will disgrace yourself by calling someone "booger-face".
Today you will realize that you've always wanted to have the biggest ball of string in town, and will start collecting odd bits of string at every opportunity.  Eventually, you will make it into the <i>Guinness Book of World Records</i>, right next to the <b>Giant Happy Tape Ball</b> record set by Mr.  S.  Boondoggle.
A huge red balloon will float by you, today, being pursued by a small person of the French persuasion, and a film crew.  If you wish to cause cross-cultural mirth, cross your eyes, talk in a high pitched voice, and whack yourself in the head with a baguette.  Otherwise, don't.
A relative will be seriously injured today, when a man dressed as a huge shrimp abandons his post at the opening of a seafood restaurant, steals an experimental hovercraft, and crashes it into your relative's motor vehicle.  The worst part is, the insurance company will refuse to pay a cent.
Strange things continue to happen.  Today you will put on a long-sleeved shirt, only to discover that the sleeves now extend past your fingertips.  You didn't say anything inappropriate to an elderly British gentleman with strange green eyes, recently?  Let's <i>hope</i> not.
Beware of men on stilts, today.  (I'm sorry, but professional ethics prevent me from revealing more.  You'll understand, though, when the "situation" occurs.)
Today, by practicing for hours in the mirror, you will finally be able to keep a "stiff upper lip".  Much to everyone's surprise, it will prove to be an excellent boost to your career.
You will be attacked and beaten by a group of Nuns.  When a baffled pair of mounted urban police drag them off you, they will refuse to say why they were attacking you, and will sulk.
In a stroke of pure marketing genius, you will start a company to sell fresh-roasted peanut butter door-to-door.  Your sales people may find the peanut costumes a bit uncomfortable, at first, however.
Today you will meet Klive Dinky, the proprietor of <i>Klive Dinky's Tropical Dream Vacation, and Spa Salon</i>.  He will turn out to be much shorter than you ever imagined.
You will be harassed by cats today.  Hungry, irritable cats.
It's time to seriously consider indoor golf.  How else are you going to use terms like "mashie" or "niblick" in casual conversation?
You will watch a lot of TV today.  But that's ok, if that's really what you want.
Noodle day #2!  "The Revenge Of The Noodle".  Today you will learn to make a really killer recipe for Szechwan noodles, which will contain both chili-garlic paste and whole peanuts.
Today you will find a small speckled egg, shimmering a little, in the fireplace.  If you keep it warm in a 350 degree oven for 3 weeks, it will hatch into a small dragon, and then eat you.
A huge spacecraft will hover over your dwelling structure today, and secretly analyse you down to the last parasitic microbe in your epidermal layers.  They will be on the point of making contact with humans, and offering us technology to cure all illness, let us live indefinitely while looking like healthy 20-year-olds, and give us the ability to travel interstellar distances in an eye blink...when they spot you making something with SPAM.  After a bit of horrified bleeping at each other, they will zoom off, never to return.
Try to be logical, today.  It's your only hope.  (Which is considerably better than it would be if your "only hope" was some old geezer on the desert planet Falderol and you had to send a robot shaped like an underarm roller-type deodorant off to find him.  But not as fun.)
Your butler will quit, today, in a tiff.  Since you can only view gif and jpeg, though, it will be quite some time before you realize that.
Today old Monty Python skits will keep running, unbidden, through your mind.  The only cure will be to be to drink a glass of a fine Australian wine, which has a bouquet like an aborigine's armpit.
A man with a large nose will attack you with a sword today, while composing free verse in archaic French.  Luckily, he'll get stuck trying to come up with a word that rhymes with "l'orange", and you'll have time to slip out the back way.
A hexapod robot will run away from its laboratory today, change its name to "Bob", and take up residence with you.  Eventually, you'll become best friends.
Your feet will continue to trouble you today, although you won't be quite able to put your finger on what's wrong.  You haven't been that flexible in <i>years</i>.
Your butler will return to work today, and pretend as if nothing had happened.  It's time for you to compromise, and give up those new argyles.  It's for the best, in the long run.
You'll accidentally eat one of those fried Szechwan chili peppers today, and it will bring tears to your eyes.  This will strike you as odd, given that you will be eating a ham sandwich at the time.
You will narrowly avoid a collision on the sidewalk today, as a small giggling person runs past you, being hotly pursued by a weeping incoherent person waving a ham sandwich.  Aside from that, a pretty typical day.
An elderly gentleman next to you on the bus will spontaneously combust, today, and you'll become an instant celebrity when you put him out with a large diet coke.  Eventually, they'll make a prime-time TV drama about the incident.
Good day to buy a stereo microscope, and examine that stuff under your toenail.  Well, as good a day as any.
Would you just <i>Stop</i>?  Nobody else feels the need to dance around like that...
More fun with twine, today.  Isn't it <i>great</i>!?
Three kings from arid countries will wander by, leading their horses, and apparently searching for something.  This will seem innocuous at first, but later, you'll start to worry.
Don't do that.  Your face could get stuck that way.  Oh, I'm sorry.  I hadn't realized it already did...
Today you'll develop a rare mental disorder, causing you to mix metaphors.  But don't you worry -- you can't make an omelet without a silver lining, and in this case, you'll discover that everyone will confuse mixed metaphors with management potential.  BIG promotion in store.
Today will be the <i>best</i> day of your life, if you can just remember ...  er ...  now what <i>was</i> that?  Hmmm.  If you can just remember something really important.  Otherwise, no.  Hmmm.
Your mind will go blank today.  You won't mind -- it'll be a refreshing change from the raging torrents of thoughts that have been pouring through you lately.  Plus, you'll get to stretch out in a sunbeam and take a nice nap.
I'm sorry, I'm not allowed to argue any more, unless you've paid.
You will go to a Chinese restaurant and decide to try something new.  Don't do it!  It's not as good as your favorite.
A project you started a while ago takes on nightmarish proportions, today, as you realize that you've been suckered into a hideous task.  Fortunately, you will be able to get out of it by feigning death.
An older friend will avoid you today.  Have you considered using any of the vast number of breath-freshening products that are available, these days?
You will discover a large deposit of gold, when you're out on a stroll.  Unfortunately, wealth will not make you happy.
You will be on your way downtown today, when you will be struck by an odd thought.  Fortunately it will bounce harmlessly off you.
An eldritch fiend will hover at the edge of your sight, tonight, as you look out your window.  Not a particularly good day for a midnight stroll.
Today you will find the word "impecunious" popping unbidden into your mind, at regular intervals.  Eventually, you'll go look it up in the dictionary.
Due to your supreme skill at an obscure video game, you will be abducted by aliens, and asked to save their race from annihilation at the hands (roughly speaking) of evil creatures from between the stars.
You will find a many-legged creature under the fridge.  Unfortunately, it will be the size of a small horse, and actually will be making off with the fridge, when you spot it.  My advice?  Let him have it.
Slow day today.  Surprisingly, it will be due to a time/space anomaly caused by a localised anti-tachyon surge, and will mainly occur in your neighbourhood.  Time-flow should return to normal soon.
You will develop a severe craving for peanut butter cookies, today.  You know -- the fresh homemade kind, that you squish down on the cookie sheet with a fork, making a cross-hatched pattern?  They are incredibly yummy when they're still warm, like that, huh?  I don't know where your craving will come from.  Possibly something you read.
Today you will uncover astonishing proof that the dinosaurs died out due to a retrovirus contagion.  Furthermore, you will find evidence of a government cover-up of research that indicates the same thing is likely to happen to humans.  Don't worry, though.
You will be sucked into a multi-level marketing organisation today, and will lose all your friends, along with your self-respect.  Later, though, you'll realize that your new friends are much better than those <i>old</i> friends, and that you feel like you're part of a big "family".  Or at least, that's what you'll say.
Good day to buy lava lamps at garage sales.  Once in a life-time opportunity.  Also, if you happen to spot a white 100% polyester leisure suit with bell-bottom pants and a really large lapel, buy it on the spot.  I know *I* would love to have one.
Your relatives may try to have you committed, today.  Luckily, through a series of amusing misadventures, they will fail.  You and your large invisible friend will simply shrug it off, of course, since it's not in your disposition to hold a grudge.
You will discover that you can raise one eyebrow by itself, but not the other.  This will aggravate you, and you'll spend the majority of the day in front of the bathroom mirror, trying to correct the situation.
I see you making a special trip to the store today, to get something.  It's in a sort of yellow-ish little box, about the size of a toothpaste box, I think.  It's "prep-something"?  Ah!  "Preparation"-something, I think.  Oh.  Ahem.  Anyway, if it's any consolation, I hear that Jet Fighter pilots have that problem much worse than most people.  All that acceleration, you know.  Don't worry -- your secret is safe with me!
Stay home today, with the curtains drawn and the door locked.  Trust me on this one.
A man with a large machine will enter your house, and make you totally miserable.
Today you will realize that it's impossible to truly "control" anything, even yourself, and that the best you can hope for is to have some "influence" over yourself and your surroundings.  This will make you feel better, before the pink slip arrives.
You will tell a total stranger that you're "sick and tired of salad", today.  The stranger will recoil in shock and horror.
Nobody will notice your new haircut, which you will find intensely irritating.  It's not as if you <i>always</i> had an iridescent green mohawk, you know?
You will feel tired and run-down today.  This may possibly be because of the marathon you ran yesterday, and the taxi that ran into you near the finish line.  Just a guess.
Good day to review what you know about hamsters.  I think that's all I should really say, except possibly that it's often considered impolite to see how much food you can pack into your cheeks, when dining out.
You will be accosted today by several of those people who think only of themselves, and who believe that "sharing" is something that little kids have to do.  Despite this, I recommend against turning them over your knee and spanking them -- unless you think you can get away with it.
You will lurk, today.  There's nothing that wrong with lurking, after all, and it's occasionally somewhat refreshing.  In fact, you'll soon begin work on <i>How To Lurk</i>, a best-selling self-help book on the topic.
Good day to defy convention.  Be yourself.  Buy a fedora, for example, and wear it indoors.
Yogurt day today.  Did you know that some "natural remedies" books recommend squishing yogurt (the kind with active cultures) in your hair, to relieve dandruff?  You should give it a try.
You will sneak out tonight, with a box of navel oranges under your arm, and grinning an evil toothy grin.  When you wake up tomorrow, you will remember nothing about it.  That's just the way these things work.
You will be strangely drawn to an odd glass sculpture in an antique shop.  The proprietor will show it to you with some hesitation, and will be visibly perspiring when you buy it.  You'll hear an almost anguished sigh of relief from him, as you leave with it.
In a surprising twist, the failure of another large London-based bank will be blamed on you, today.  C'est la vie, non?
Musical inspiration will strike you today, and you'll invent some sort of new instrument that looks like a Hoover vacuum bag with a few bits of odd plumbing sticking out of it.  The good thing is, the instrument will rivet people's attention to such a degree that you can indulge your tendency towards cross-dressing without anyone noticing!
You will finally find your spirit guide today, and your life will take on new meaning.  Unfortunately for you, your spirit guide will turn out to have a sense of humor.
Nobody will understand you today, and it will be impossible to get the simplest idea across.  For example, even such a basic concept as "please untie me and take this gag out of my mouth" will only cause people to stare at you in confusion.
Once you're <i>that</i> far behind, there's really no way to get caught up.  You might as well do something fun instead.  You can tell them I told you it was ok.
After years of study in higher mathematics, and a fiendishly complicated topological proof, you will finally be able to prove that half a loaf is exactly 7.412 times better than no bread.
Your plans for a do-it-yourself replica medieval catapult will arrive today!  Soon, your neighbours will become nervous (but you can explain that their fears are groundless -- you couldn't possibly hit anything that close with it).
You will go on a potato binge today.  Baked, fried, scalloped, stuffed, mashed, whipped, and hash-browned.  Just stay away from the tater tots, for your own good.
You will casually mention the German term for "exit ramp", and bring a conversation to a rapid close.  That's hardly <i>your</i> fault, though, is it?
You will rest peacefully, and sink into a strange dream.  In the dream, you will be playing an odd version of soccer with huge clear balloons, and people will be cheering you on from the sidelines, who are dressed in white formal attire.  Don't go into the light, ok?  The extra point isn't worth it.
Good day to appreciate the beauty and wonder of life, and to see how far you can spit.  Other people may find that incongruous, but you'll see the inner truth, and it will set you free.
Go find something flat, and scribble on it.  People have been doing that for tens of thousands of years, and it's mostly been ok.
Today is the second-to-last day, of the 19th segment of your life.  Time to learn to appreciate tofu (bean curd).
Ooh!  Oh.  I should have warned you.  I'm sorry.
Boisterous day, today.  Try not to be much more irritating than is absolutely necessary.
Today you will break all the resolutions you made yesterday, and you will grin.
You will get together with several friends, and start an extremely exclusive club.  Mostly, this will just be so you can have your own secret handshake, of course.
Good day to excavate.  You will find the ruins of an ancient civilisation, and become famous.
Good day to learn a new trick for dealing with people who come by your home to try to sell you something.  Open the door v..e..r..y slowly, and squint at them.  Then resume sharpening a large kitchen knife, while they are talking at you.
Today you will decide to have a bit of illicit fun, and will slip bits of dry pasta into other people's pockets, shoes, etc., when they're not looking.  My advice: don't get caught.
You will become unwittingly embroiled in a turf war between rival Chinese restaurants, today, as you step off the sidewalk to avoid a person wearing an extremely large hat.  Before the day is over, you'll find yourself angrily hurling pot stickers at people you've never met.
Today is the day you will discover your larger cosmic destiny!  A television infomercial and an 800 number are somehow involved.
You'll have a freakish number of plumbing difficulties, today.  This is due in part to the age of your plumbing fixtures, but mostly it's because <i>Neckna, Queen of the Undines</i>, has taken a strong dislike towards you, due to some rather harsh words you've had to say about the weather lately.
The mythic asteroid Chaeron, in collaboration with the uneasy spirit of Atahualpa (the last Inca king), will act to produce a gastric upset of epic proportions, today.  Keep your chakras clear, and carry some Imodium.
You will begin an evil project, in secret.  You will be successful.  Although <i>why</i> you want to produce a cross between a St.  Bernard and a chihuahua is anybody's guess.
Today you will bolt up from your bed, grinning like a maniac, and shout "labor omnia vincit!" (the motto of Oklahoma) in ringing heroic tones.  This could be the start of something interesting...
Good day to discuss zoospores (motile usually naked and flagellated asexual spores, especially of an alga or lower fungus) with casual acquaintances.
You will decide to take up juggling, today, and will become exceedingly good at it.  Eventually, you'll start an offbeat new religion, and proclaim that Supreme Truth will be revealed to those who juggle.
You will find an alien artifact behind the cushion in the sofa.  Point the pointy end <i>away</i> from you, if you push the little bumpy thing.  Personally, I'd just leave it alone.
You will combine a therapeutic technique based on rapid eye movement with yoga postures, creating something that looks <i>so</i> silly, passers by will actually fall over laughing.
Ah ha!  You will <i>finally</i> have an opportunity to use the word "plumbaginous" in casual conversation today!  You will be discussing either bicycles or aircraft, at the time.
You will design a really wonderful new type of placemat, today, and it will make you fantastically wealthy, providing you get it on the market before your competitors.
Today you will have a lot of trouble with non sequiturs.  Pizza doesn't have to have cheese, you know.
You will be chased through the streets tonight by a group of wild-eyed short people wearing togas and playing kazoos.  Be careful -- they may have escaped from a birthday party, and should be considered armed and dangerous.
You would be ill-advised to try to shoot kidney beans out your nose, today.  (Yes, I know you were thinking of it.)
You will be intensely jealous of a rival today.  Finally, you will realize that it isn't doing you any good to be jealous, so you'll switch over to envy.
Through a casual remark in an elevator, you will realize that both you and your fellow passenger have seen John Cleese's informational film called <i>How To Irritate People</i>.  By the time you reach the 10th floor, you will both be severely vexed with one another.
You will invent a new sort of optical illusion today, involving 6 straight lines, an assortment of blobs, and a picture of an iguana.  Everyone will gasp in amazement.
Hug day, today.  Various people you know will come up and give you a hug, for no apparent reason.  You will find this moderately embarrassing.
Excellent day to tell everyone you know that a "horsepower" is a unit of power equal to 746 watts in the U.S., but which is not quite equivalent to the English horsepower, which is 550 foot-pounds of work per second.  Once their eyes glaze over, you can borrow money from them without them even fully realising it.
Your incisors will seem to be getting longer today, and you will find sunlight hurts your eyes.  Probably just a cold, and nothing to worry about.
In one of those amusing mix-ups that happen so frequently in modern life, a friend of yours will have mistaken your reference to "her suit" and thought you said "hirsute".  Still, this may prove a little awkward.
Although you will attempt to thwart your obsession (tying things up with twine) by avoiding twine for the entire day today, it will continue to plague your thoughts.  In other words, you will not knot for naught.
Crisply salute everyone you meet today.  They'll all be startled into saluting back, and then they'll feel like idiots.  You should then smile charmingly at them, and saunter off.
Today you will receive an odd postcard from a long lost relative in Peru.  He will invite you to come explore an ancient Incan ruin which he has discovered.  Try not to be too impulsive -- a better offer will soon arrive from a an old high school friend who is hiding out in a Burmese monastery.
Another excellent day to whittle.
Good day to get lots of water in plastic bottles, and shore up your other earthquake preparations.  Nothing to worry about, I'm sure.  Well, actually, maybe just a <i>little</i> to worry about.
Excellent day to dig a very big hole.  If you pile the dirt up around the sides, and make huge "paw prints" around it, you can have some fun by phoning a TV station and telling them about the gigantic gopher you saw.
Beware of partaking in Zoroastrian rituals, today.  Particularly if you're not entirely certain what's involved.
High winds today.  Good day to try out your new cement kite!
You will find solace, and it won't look at all like you expected.
Huge mutant gnats will pester you today.  Or at least, that's what it will seem like -- sometimes managers bear a striking resemblance...
Today you will learn how to tell the difference between an octopus and a cuttlefish.  Aside, that is, from the octopus' greater problem solving capability.
Someone you know will drone on and on about various tentacled sea creatures today.  The best thing to do is to pretend you have one of those vibrating pagers in your pocket, and say "oh!  that must be the call I've been waiting for", and dash off.
Today you will find yourself wondering why a shampoo that "tingles" would be better at preventing dandruff than one which doesn't.  It's that sort of intellectual undertaking which has earned you your well-deserved reputation.
Someone nearby will make disgusting slurping sounds in your favorite restaurant.  You'll retaliate by glaring pointedly, and by eating your linguini with your fingers.
A man will be passing by when you suddenly recall a hilarious Monty Python skit, and you'll burst out laughing.  Later, you'll notice him anxiously looking at himself in a mirror.
You will read an oeuvre in a new genre.  Actually, it will be an <i> X-Men</i>(tm) comic book, but you've never been one of those stuffy people who are unwilling to try new things.
Someone you've never met will come up and nudge you today.  You don't have to stand for that, though, and you should just nudge them right back.
This is an <i>excellent</i> day to dare.  Dare to eat a peach.  Dare to wear your trousers rolled, and walk along the beach.  Dare to be different.  That sort of thing.
Excellent day to crouch behind furniture, and peer over the top.  If you can do that while wearing one of those Groucho Marx noses, so much the better.
Today you will have a sudden and brilliant idea for how to eliminate the U.S.  federal deficit.  "Let's all just pretend there <i>isn't one</i>!", you'll say.
Good day to examine your cuticles.  If you do that studiously enough, I'm quite sure nobody will realize you're not paying any attention.
You will be in an extremely stuffy meeting today, which will seem to last forever.  You will be able to liven things up a smidge by putting a few small feathers in your hand, and then "coughing" them out.
Good day to remember your kinship with all living things.  Except perhaps mildew.  There's no point in remembering your kinship with mildew, at least not today.
Today you will wake up in somebody else's body.  The strangest thing about the transition will be that you'll have all the memories from the new body, and none of your own from before.  Despite that, you will be somehow quite certain that you've "traded down".
Good day to burst into song.  Nothing too fancy, mind you -- no arias.  The theme song from "The Beverly Hillbillies" will do nicely.  Why not see how many people you can get to sing along?
A Ph.D.  degree in parapsychology is in your future.  Despite what you may have heard, however, the corresponding career path is not terribly rewarding.  You <i>will</i> get to see a lot of furniture move by itself, of course, so that's a plus.
You will be plagued by theological doubts today, and will flirt with the idea of changing your religion.  Subconsciously, this is because you're envious of the really cool hats some of the people in other religions get to wear.
Good day to sleep in.  A nap would work well today, too.  Try to get to bed early.  Aside from that, nothing too exciting today.
Today is the day you've been waiting for.  Go around to everyone you know, and tell them you're terribly sorry.  Give them a firm handclasp, and walk briskly away, with no further explanation.  Tomorrow, deny ever doing such a thing, and question their sanity.  If you keep people on their toes, they will have a richer, fuller life.  That's thanks enough, I should think, for your efforts.
A moth the size of a Boeing 747 will erupt from a nearby hillside today, and go off to help a huge semi-aquatic rubbery dinosaur fight off an alien attack.  So what are <i>you</i> doing to help?
Good day to skip.  In fact, skipping is good exercise, and I'm certain that if you just get a few friends to go along with you, you can start a cultural movement of just as much importance as running and walking.  The main problem, of course, is to figure out what sort of "skipping" shoe Nike is going to come out with.
Tomorrow when you wake up, many small objects on the carpet will bring you to the alarming conclusion that you have a live rabbit in the house.  Search though you may, however, you will be completely unable to find hide nor hare of it...
Vlad The Impaler continues to come up in casual conversation.  You might want to consider wearing a silver cross, despite your theological leanings.
Today you will read a bit of Shakespeare, and just before you fall asleep, you will think: "A duck, by any other name, would smell as foul." Never mix Shakespeare and chocolate ice-cream.  The results can be a trifle unpredictable.
Today you will put your foot down, regarding your turn at dinner preparation versus dining out.  In other words, "if you aren't broke, don't fix it."
Everyone around you will develop a strange fascination with Vlad The Impaler.  This could be bad news.
A person wearing a bandana on his head and brandishing a cutlass will dash by you today, saying something that sounds a bit like "Arrrr".
Your cat will go thundering past you on the linoleum, but will miss the doorway by an inch or so.  You will hear an odd "ping!" sound as her head hits the doorjamb.  No harm will be done.
Today old Beatles songs will be playing everywhere you go.  Eventually this will make you twist and shout, until you work it all out.
Good day to learn to do more with your toes.  Start off by tying knots with them, and who knows?  You could end up being able to accompany yourself on the piano!
Be nice to your coworkers today.  Cow orkers have a darned tough job, so it's good to make them feel special once in a while.
Excellent day to whistle off key.  Random starts and stops are also good.
Do not snitch a jelly donut today, when nobody is looking.  The chocolate frosted one is <i>much</i> better.
Today you will take comfort in the thought that Jesus loves you, particularly since nobody else likes you very much.
Potato awareness day, today.  Potatoes have had a tremendous influence on society, since their introduction into Western culture.  Just think, for instance, of their effect on Dan Quayle's career!
You will make several somewhat inadvisable impulse purchases today.  Fortunately, you will be able to return all of them, except for the Hormel "100 Years Of SPAM!" decorative wall clock.
Someone will attempt to get you to stay in one place today, by telling you that you are surrounded by 100 black poisonous snakes (which are invisible).  You will make a daring escape, despite the risk involved.
Good day to put a few kumquats, some of those teensy little ears of corn, and a few Brussels sprouts in a tiny little bowl, and leave it on someone's doorstep with a tiny little note reading "Dear Big People...".
Today is a good day to exercise that special magic you have, of making people smile.  Try telling everyone "smile when you say that, buster", for example.
Today you will make a bold fashion statement, which will eventually become a trend and sweep the nation.  "Executive Grunge", you'll call it.
Today you will discover that you can amuse your friends by pretending that your hand is a tsetse fly, and "walking" it along the table.  Your friends are easily amused, as it turns out.
Most people are aware that it's supposed to be good luck to toss a pinch of salt over your left shoulder.  Today you will discover that it's even better luck to toss a carton of yogurt over your right shoulder.
Fungus day today.  Interestingly, you will discover that in order to engage in mycological research, you need go no further than your toes...
You will be hit on the head by a carton of yogurt today, which will not strike you as being the least bit funny at the time.  Later, of course, you'll all have a good laugh about it.
Today someone sitting near you will make repeated nasal sounds that will eventually drive you screaming from the room.  Try to avoid attacking them with a box of Kleenex upon re-entering the room.
Good day to begin that toothpick sculpture you've been thinking of.  Of course, where you're actually going to <I>put</I> a life-sized toothpick sculpture of a rhinoceros is another matter.
Today you will realize that it seems quite impossible to make any sense out of life, especially when you consider what life must be like in Nebraska.
You will pass a sign that says "invorp" today.  Fortunately, you will remember enough Dutch to know that it means "put your fingers in your ears and wiggle them".  They are a silly people, the Dutch.
Small fluffy animals will come over and lean on you, today.  It's just their way of showing their appreciation, and of telling you that you are furniture.
Good day to work on your catapult.  You never know when it could come in handy.  Besides, it's good to worry your neighbours a bit -- keeps them civil.
Fortune will smile upon you today!  That's what it does when it's just thought up a real corker.
Today you will have a sudden, somewhat irrational desire to drive to Camden, New Jersey, and visit the Soup Tureen Museum.  Fortunately, you will restrain yourself.
Extremely poor day to use obscure euphemisms or medical metaphors.  In particular, avoid "kajoobies" or "shvontz" like the plague.
Excellent day to go half-barefoot.  (One shoe only.) Answer no questions about it, though.  Just say "I prefer not to talk about it."
Try to work the words "happenstance" and "ineffable" into your conversation today.  It turns out that most people believe any sentence that has the word "ineffable" in it.  Such as that one.
Beware of midget bookies, today.  It's ok to get one of those tiny little poetry books, though, if you feel you really must.
You will receive a painful bonk on the head, today, while riding the bus downtown.  It's your own fault, though, for sitting in front of that trombone player.
A brilliant idea for a new hand tool will strike you today, but it will be years too late.  People these days are much less likely to buy an "M.C.  Hammer" than they would have been a few years ago.  If you're really intent on being an inventor, you should come up with a "drum roll", which you can sell to Pillsbury.  Ta dah dum.
Today you will seek out new life, and new civilisations.  You won't find any, of course, but you will discover a really excellent Chinese restaurant in the process.
You will have a grilled cheese sandwich today, and a bowl of tomato soup.  When nobody is looking you will secretly dunk your sandwich.
You will invent a method of making icosahedral ice cubes, today, which everyone will think are really cool.
A man dressed like a giant shrimp will roar past you in an experimental hovercraft, today.  (Again.)
Beware of poltergeists, today.
On a pre-arranged signal, you and 3 cohorts will start talking complete gibberish today, leaving the 5th person in your meeting entirely baffled.  Act as if <I>he's</I> behaving strangely, and look concerned.
Poit twoonie squaggle?  Floon morble tid bubbu taha, hen?  Hen?
You will declare war on drugs, today, and will glare menacingly at your pharmacist.
You will be driven into a panic today by the thought that you will live to see music by Oingo Boingo referred to as "classic" rock.  Believe me, that's not nearly as strange as clothing trends will be, such as the "big elbow" look.
Better have that spot checked out by a doctor.  Sure it may <I>look</I> benign, but sometimes those carpet stains can spread.
Beware of unwarranted electrical assumptions today.  On the other hand, a shower of sparks and a bit of ozone can be fairly exciting...
Good day to hold hands.  If you don't currently have a spouse or girlfriend/boyfriend, you can probably find a fake "severed hand" at a magic supplies store.  That might be a good thing to pick up in any case?  You never know when it might come in handy.
Good day to have some fun with fake fur and spirit gum.  Now you can see what chest hair would really be like, or go for the "Madonna" look.  Or you can simply opt for hairy palms -- that's always fun.
Today someone will accuse you of spending too much time with your computer.  The way to handle that is to say you've got "lots of work to do".  (And don't let them spot you fondly caressing it.)
Excellent day to visit a bookstore.  Try to find a book named "Make Money With Your Own Worm Farm".  You don't need to read it, but it'll be fun to leave around where people will notice it.
You will have a nightmare tonight, in which you find yourself dangling from the ceiling, while brightly colored papier mache animals with glowing eyes file into the room.  One of them will be carrying a stick.  Perhaps you shouldn't eat so much candy before going to bed?
You will have more psychotronic energy today than usual.  I recommend that you direct it towards the fridge.  There's something <I>alive</I> in there.
Excellent day to devour fruit, while making snarling sounds and glaring at persons nearby.  Next, tear the heads off the carnations and stuff them partway up your nose, and make strange wuffling sounds while vigorously wiggling your eyebrows.  Or don't, if you're going to be stuffy.  It's your life.
You will snidely snicker at someone today.  That's not going to make you many friends, you know.  Instead, you should cheerfully chuckle.
You will answer the phone today by shouting "You bloated sack of protoplasm!".  Unfortunately, it's not your friend calling.  It's your mother.
Good day to sip tea.  Remember to extend your pinkie!
Today you will be watched by cats.  It's nothing really worth worrying about, I'm sure.  Did you know that you've started making little unconscious "squeaks" when you're concentrating on something?
While idly doodling on a notepad, today, you will accidentally draw a symbol sacred to an ancient voodoo deity, and will open a gap into part of the astral plane that is even <I>less appealing</I> than Akron, Ohio.
Good day to make sure you are prepared for a big earthquake.  Get bottled water, a first-aid kit, canned food, flashlights, transistor radio, sturdy hiking boots, and a feather boa.
You will take a wrong turn, today, and become hopelessly lost.  Eventually you will start a new life in Minnesota, along with all the other people who have little sense of direction.  It'll be ok, providing you like tuna casserole.
Excellent day to study entomology -- particularly the order <I>hymenoptera</I>.  Be prepared to leap about, howling and whacking your trouser legs.
Today you will happen upon a prediction by Nostradamus which will scare the living daylights out of you.  As well it should, although how a medieval seer foresaw your exact name is anybody's guess.
You will be conducting naval maneuvers in the bathtub today, when you will have an unfortunate accident involving your toy submarine.  The visit to the emergency room will be <I>most</I> embarrassing.
You will be walking along today when you overhear someone making a snide remark about you, drawing an unflattering comparison between your personality, and landfill.  A snappy reply will occur to you, sometime late next week.
Good day to introduce a bit of randomness into your life.  Try getting dressed in the dark, for example (it's what I do).
You will have an enormously exciting day, today, compared to your usual day.  You will find the prize in the cereal box.
You will have a dream tonight, in which you are standing on the shore of an inky black river in grey twilight.  An old man wearing a black cloak will appear, poling a rickety old boat up to you.  He will demand payment to ferry you across, but it will turn out he doesn't accept <I>American Express</I>.
Today you will exercise self-discipline.  It's about time, too!  Your self-discipline was starting to get somewhat portly.
Go wild today!  Try a different brand of ramen noodles -- or even go so far as to sprinkle a little chopped green onion over them!
Bad hair day today.  In fact, it's quite likely that your hair will actually be arrested.
Excellent day for standing barefoot on the lawn and wiggling your toes.  Under <I>no</I> circumstance should you stand barefoot on the lawn and wiggle your nose.  It simply isn't done.
.syas enoyna gniht elgnis a dnatsrednu ot elba eb t'now uoy yadot, ylddO
Today you will have to take someone aside and gently explain that a "briefcase" is not actually for undergarments.  Remember: you probably made a few silly mistakes yourself, when you were just starting out.
You will realize, today, that there's more than just good manners to the statement: "never yodel with your mouth full".
When's the last time you did something nice for Doug?  Sure, he's cranky a lot, and dresses funny, but he's a good person.  Perhaps you should take him to lunch?
Today you will invent a new type of automated squid sorter, for use by professional squid fishermen.  You will call it the Squid Pro Quo.  That will be a mistake.
Remember to bring your entrenching tool with you today.  You'll need it.  (You know...for the marketing meeting.)
Good day to start saving up for that electron microscope you've always wanted.  I hear Sears will be having a big sale on them this fall.
Time for an excursion!  Remember to pack some sandwiches, and carry a large ball of twine (it's easy to get lost in the city -- the twine should help).
You will spend the day discussing whether the main problems in the world are due to ignorance or apathy.  Personally, I don't know and I don't care.
You will hear a mysterious "whapping" sound as you are passing by a church today.  Curiosity will get the better of you, and you will peek inside.  To your relief you will discover it's only the nuns, playing a quick game of dodge-ball.
Good day to begin writing that book you've been planning -- "Growing Radishes Indoors".  It's an idea whose time has come.
Good day to act sneaky.  Try glancing sidelong at people, or standing just out of sight.
Today you will discover the original version of the nursery rhyme: "Hey diddle diddle, the cat and the fiddle, the cow jumped over the moon.  The little dog laughed to see such fun, because he was mentally impaired."
If you act now, you could be the first on your block to have an actual moat and a working drawbridge.  Something to consider.
Good day to hide an iguana in someone's satchel.  They will not be expecting that, so everyone will get a good chuckle out of it.
Excellent day to blow soap bubbles in unusual places.  See if you can get them to drift by people who are thinking too hard.
You will believe a completely ridiculous hoax about a computer virus today, and everyone will tease you mercilessly.
Someone will dash up to you today, say "meep meep!  bthpblthpblthp!", and then dash off.  At least now you'll know how to spell it.
You'll be feeling tired and discouraged today, but will be able to raise your spirits by pretending to be a cartoon character.  ACME products may be featured, as well.
Today you will discover an ancient stone tablet on which mystic runes are carved.  Oddly, when you find someone to translate them from Old Norse, it will turn out to be a collection of moose jokes.
Good day to make a face like a rodent, and hold your paws up in front of your chest.  When someone asks what you are doing, chitter at them and scurry away.
To your vast embarrassment, you will be unable to describe the differences between halibut, sole, and flounder.  It's easy to remember, though -- they are (in order) "big", "small", and "clumsy".
You are about to burn the roof of your mouth on pizza.  It won't be the first time, either.
Beware of being cautious, today.
Today you will watch something like a hawk.  Basically, you do that by having unblinking beady little eyes, and a brain the size of a peanut.
Today you will find a bumper sticker that truly defines your sentiments.  It will say "Buy More Socks!".
Today you will lose all self-control.  You'll find it again tomorrow, though -- it just rolled under the couch.
Terrific day to saunter.  Don't let it turn into a mosey, though.
Beware of Poles.  Particularly dark-haired women of Polish extraction.  Due to an oddity of genetic significance, they will all be intensely silly for a few weeks.
In the grocery store, you will see quite a few people with infants in their shopping carts.  Try though you might, however, you will not be able to find the bin with the children.  Perhaps they're sold out?  <I>Important Safety Tip</I>: do <b>not</b> stop one of the women with an infant and ask her to show you where her baby came from.
Good day to make a nice pot of gruel.  Isn't it strange, how difficult it is these days to find gruel on the menu at restaurants?  Perhaps you should start your own restaurant (e.g.  <I>The Gruel Pot</I>) to rectify that situation.
The mountain will be happy to come to Mohammed, but Mohammed should be prepared for a brief (in geologic terms) delay.
Today you will attempt to capitalize on the success of SPAM by inventing SPEEF.  Unfortunately, you would have been much better off trying to make SPICKEN, instead.
You are having a serious problem.  Your only hope at this point is to consult a reputable florist.  You will find them in the Yellow Pages, under "Florists, Reputable".
Today you will stumble across conclusive proof that cilantro is actually the main ingredient in detergents and soaps, and that its culinary use started as a joke -- it's just that most people are too shy to admit that they'd rather spray Lysol on their burrito than put cilantro on it.
You will discover a large black obelisk out on the lawn today, which obviously weighs several tons.  You will be amazed at the effort some people put into a practical joke.
Today you will go into the prosthetic forehead business, having heard that everyone wants a prosthetic forehead to wear on their real forehead.  It would be a good idea to do your own market research, in this case, before sinking all your savings in this venture.
Excellent day to refer to everyone as "Doctor".  This will make them grin, and they'll forget all about that favor they were going to ask of you.
Someone named "Bob" is plotting to whap you with a calla lily.  If you carry long-stemmed carnations around with you today, you will be able to retaliate swiftly and effectively.
Everyone around you will act silly, today -- whapping each other with floral matter, calling each other "Doctor", and doing Bantu war dances in the hallway.  The most likely explanation is that there's a nitrous oxide leak somewhere.
You will give your lawyer a retainer today, which will only irritate her.  She will patiently explain that that isn't the sort of retainer she'd meant.
You will send away for the pamphlet titled "The Manly Art Of Knitting", today, but sadly, it will be out of print.  You should check with a rare books merchant.
Good day to be callously indifferent to the plight of the masses.  You have larger things on your mind than whether the peasants are happy.  Oui?
You will wake with a start tonight, and hear a sound like that of a whole herd of capybara snuffling around in your closet.  Fortunately, when you switch on the light, that will turn out to be all it is.
As you are walking along, you will notice someone leaning back in a chair.  You should stop and insist that they bring their seatback to a full upright and locked position until the captain has turned off a sign.
This will be a day filled with tragically many sneezes.  At least it'll be a good opportunity to learn how to sneeze "cute".
Excellent day to play the William Tell Overture really loud, and leap around flailing your arms.  Try not to knock over the lamp.
As a joke today, you will get an alarmed expression on your face, crouch on someone's carpet, and start making disgusting "huck, huck!" sounds.  The joke's on you, though, since they will insist that you eat some hairball remedy.
It will seem a great shame to you today, that your little finger has a cute name -- "pinky" -- but none of your other fingers do.  That's the sort of thing that very few people besides you really spend much time pondering.  They have such limited minds, don't they?
Today you will finally get around to exercising!  Your cat will look at you like you've gone completely wacky.  Don't be intimidated, though -- at least <I>you</I> never get distracted and forget that you're holding your leg up behind your head.
Go nowhere without a flotation device, for a few days.  You never know.
Oddly, despite the impression you gained from a television commercial, your new soap will not inspire unusual levels of grinning in the shower.
People around you are starting to look a bit complacent.  Good day to adopt a haunted expression and carry a large ball of aluminum foil.
Beware of clams, today.
You will build a better mousetrap, but nobody will beat a path to your door.  Several people will beat a path to your refrigerator, though, and will make sandwiches.
Stop slouching, and sit up straight!  How do you expect to get ahead in the world if you pay no attention to proper posture?
You will need two torches, a sword, leather armor, and a significant amount of courage today.  And for heaven's sake, don't forget the twine.
Today you will become a card-carrying member of a new and very exclusive organization named "Yeomen of the Carbuncle", although you'll spend a lot of time at the first meeting debating whether it should actually be called "Yeopersons of the Carbuncle".
Today you will develop a type of rubber overshoe that looks like dinosaur's feet.  They will become wildly popular, after your appearance on the Letterman show.
As a joke, you will hold up a certain air freshener in a bank, today, and announce "this is a Stick Up!".  Later, you'll have time to reflect upon the regrettable fact that law enforcement officials are sadly lacking in a sense of humor.
You will overhear people talking about you today, and realize that you have a reputation as a real stud hombre cyber-muffin.  You will find that intensely irritating.
That rash should clear up soon, Bob.  Oh stop worrying.  I won't tell anyone.
Today you will ignore the warning label on the mouthwash bottle, and will attempt to yodel while gargling.  That will be a mistake.
Good day to do a self-portrait.  Or, if you're in a hurry, you can do what I do, and just spray paint all over yourself and run into a large canvas.  Art is easier than you think!
You are being watched.  Act casual (i.e.  pretend you are wearing blue jeans and a t-shirt).
Today you will make the bold move from fidgeting to twiddling.  Just please be careful.
Unbeknownst to thee, thou art over-fond of archaic terms.  Prithee, wouldst thou kindly desist?
Today you will finally get to push the big red button!  The main question is now...what are you going to do with the rest of your life?  The answer, naturally, is "worm farming".
Today you will become stuck in a wicker chair.  This is what the British refer to as a "sticky wicker", as it is an unfortunately common occurrence in their climate.
Good day to snitch cookies when nobody's looking.
No news is not good news, today.  In fact, no news is at best mediocre news.
A very pale young woman wielding a broadsword will approach you today to ask if you'd like your carnations pruned.  Be nice and say yes.  Reincarnation is tough on some people.
Beware of slime creatures today.  There's one lurking in the fridge, pretending to be lettuce.
Someone will try to pass prawns off as shrimp, today, but you'll be far too clever for them.  If anyone knows their crustaceans, it's you.
Someone named Tyrone is about to sell you a vacuum cleaner.  There's nothing much you can do about it, I'm afraid.
You will hear a strange flapping sound today.  Glancing outside, you will see a precision drill team marching by wearing scuba flippers and waving feather dusters.  Avoid eye contact.  Stay indoors.
Excellent day to be boisterous.  Avoid obstreperousness, however.
Today you will discover a really cool technique of whistling through your nose.  Oddly, nobody will be terribly enthusiastic about your new talent.
Not only is this a good day to throw a tantrum, but there's a good chance that you might set a new distance record!
You will be in a somewhat ornery mood when you go out to an Italian restaurant tonight.  You will <I>insist</I> on chopsticks.
Job interview today, eh?  Good show!  Eat a bunch of Oreos just before, and smile a lot.  They'll spend their time staring at your teeth, that way.  (Not at your resume.)
Flour tortilla day, today.  You know what I mean.
Good day to take up Rap music as a career.  Either that or plumbing.  (Most people are strangely unaware of the similarities.)
Today you will discover a strange-looking thing in your underwear drawer.  Best not to tell anyone.
At this point you have two choices: you can either get a haircut, or dye your hair white and black and pretend to be an old English sheepdog.  The latter is usually more fun, but slightly less practical.
Today you will get very dirty.  Actually, though, it will be rather fun.
Good day for political intrigue and underhanded sneakiness.  Try to wear something appropriate to the occasion.
After spending days learning to simultaneously pat your head and rub your tummy, you will move on today to patting your head and rubbing someone else's tummy.
A careless delivery person will drop an entire case of pills when you are in a pharmacy, today.  Did you know that nitroglycerin is still used, sometimes, in the treatment of heart disease?
Beware of the Spanish Inquisition, today.  They may show up unexpectedly.
You will discover that you can see people's auras today, if you squint.  That should be done in moderation, however, as many people object to being squinted at.
Excellent day to walk around wearing a white lab coat and carrying a clipboard.
You will mortally offend a friend today when a hilarious joke pops unbidden into your mind during your friend's sad description of his problems.
Today you will banish fear.  It will stomp off in a huff.
You will be visited by missionaries today, and will finally have an excellent opportunity to slip into your demon costume before opening the door.
Dorothy Parker once said "if you can't say anything nice, come sit next to me".  Today that will be strangely relevant to your own situation.
Today you must seek out the perfect noodle.  Also, according to a recently reversed decision by Miss Manners, it's now perfectly ok to slurp noodles.  (Or so I've been told.)
Excellent day to get involved in one or more conspiracies.  If you can hold secret meetings in darkened rooms, so much the better!
Big career move today!  Oddly, your decision will be somehow related to a pamphlet called "Goat Herding Made Easy".
Not an especially good day to do anything involving contact cement.  At least not if you have plans to go anywhere.
Good day to begin making a monster costume.  Be sure to make it nice and comfy, since you will discover that you actually enjoy lounging around in it.
You will receive an honor from a foreign dignitary today.  Everyone else will be horribly jealous of you.
Your friend will betray you today, and will hide from you under office furniture.  Hey, don't ask <I>me</I>.  I just see the future, I don't explain it.
This is going to be a fairly peculiar day, for you.  You'll end up taking a bus downtown.  Two neatly dressed but somewhat short and embittered women will push a cart up and down the aisle in the bus, dispensing packets of honey-roasted peanuts, and miniscule quantities of Diet Coke in plastic glasses.
You'll feel like you can't do anything right today.  Unfortunately, it turns out you're right...
This is a good day to bake.  Cinnamon rolls would be good.  Or perhaps some crusty bread.  If you follow my advice, you will make friends and influence people.  Otherwise a horrifying fate awaits you.  No pressure, though.  Do what you feel is right for you.
Good day to start learning the violin.  Interestingly, your neighbours will volunteer to pay for lessons.  It's selfless gestures like that which really help friendships blossom.
You'll get one of those pieces of toast today with a really big hole in it, and the jam will squish out the bottom.  That's it though, for today's excitement.
Today an ecologically-minded organic foods co-op will move into your home, while you're away.  You'll be smelling whole-wheat fig bars for months, even if you succeed in extricating them.  (Which is unlikely, in today's political climate.  They need <I>somewhere</I> to hide.  Have a heart.)
After today the following expression will no longer strike you as being in the least bit amusing: "Friends help friends move.  <I>Real</I> friends help friends move bodies."
Today you will find a note, folded into quarters, and torn from a steno pad.  Surprisingly, it will refer to you.  Even more surprisingly, it will refer to you as the object of adoration, someone whom the note's author wishes to engage in "snuggle bunnies" with.  Sadly, it will be impossible to determine who wrote it, and nothing will ever come of it.
Oh boy!  Today you will find some cool shoes that you'd forgotten all about, in the back of your closet.  Oddly, they no longer fit, and are <I>at least</I> 3 sizes too large.  This may worry you.
A man with a mystical yet somehow tortured expression will stop you on the street, today, and ask you for a name brand of prepared mustard.  If you carry a jar with you, and surprise him, you will make his life seem worthwhile.
Bad day to feed the Bengal tiger.  Let someone else do it, today.  Probably just an "off" batch of the Purina Tiger Chow, but why risk it?
Someone will ask you if you'd like some "fresh ground pepper" on your salad.  Personally (this may be just a "Ron" thing), I always say "yes" to people carrying a baseball bat, outside a playing field.
Today you'll have one of those baffling moments when you're sure you spelled a word correctly, but your spelling checker will still complain.  Ask someone nearby how they spell it.  They'll spell it the same way you do, much to your Rolaids.
Say something completely ordinary, today, but follow it with "Get it?" and a big grin.  For example, "I'm wearing shoes.  Get it?" See who gets it.  Avoid them.
Today is the 1,750,000-year anniversary of the invention of hand tools!  (The original hand tool was the Oldovan Chopper, commonly made of chipped flint, and originally sold under the Sears Craftsman label.) Celebrate by getting out there and banging some rocks together!
Someone will drone on and on, today.  Try using psychic powers to make their underwear ride up.  Even if it doesn't work, your look of intense concentration may make them self-conscious.
Don't forget your towel, today.  I usually find I'm less likely to forget things, if I wrap them around my head.  Everyone has their own mnemonic tricks, though.
You will have a grilled cheese sandwich today, and a bowl of tomato soup.  When nobody is looking you will secretly dunk your sandwich.  You never tire of the wild life, do you?
Try to avoid calling anyone a "vacuous, coffee-nosed, malodorous pervert", today.  (That can be taken the wrong way, I've discovered.)
Be careful if you try to be funny, today.  Although you are normally renowned for your dry wit, you may be a bit soggy, today.
A small packet containing 7 oddly-colored bean seeds will arrive in the mail today.  There will be no return address, nor any indication of what they are.  Only one way to find out...
Resist temptation, today.  You might have to get rough with it, or even wrestle it to the ground.
A swarm of rats will sneak up on you, and you will be suddenly engulfed in a squeaking, biting, torrent of rabid vermin.  <I>Oops!</I> No, ha ha, looks like I forgot about the influence of Venus, didn't I?  Sorry.  Hmmm.  Ok...actually, today you will have pizza.
You will spend another day surrounded by idiots, or perhaps by well meaning but simple folks, who will drone on and on until your smile becomes forced, and you will begin to look like a deranged rodent.
Today you will spend another entire day worried about your feet.  But honestly, most people don't notice these things.  On the other hand, most people don't spontaneously grow more toes, either.
You will find a strangely heavy small gold ring today, embedded in the centre of an obviously volcanic rock.  There is some writing, in a script unlike any you've ever seen, running around the ring, although you can't really see it unless you heat it up in a fire...
A person of Irish descent will attempt to sell you something you don't especially want, today.  Strive to turn the conversation to <I>Tilapia</I> (a type of freshwater fish) -- you'll find it's his new hobby.
Today you will be suddenly struck by what a <I>genius</I> Norman Rockwell was, and how unappreciated (in the major art circles) he remains.  You will vow to do something about it.
Noodle day, today!  Have you tried some of those new "fresh" tomato-basil linguinies?  Of course not.  But today, you <I>will</I>!
Today you will become a digger.  Dig, dig, dig.  That's all you'll think of, for months.  You will discover an amazingly large diamond, about 27 feet down, and will be fabulously rich after that.  Not that you'll give <I>me</I> any credit, of course.  Ingrate!
Today you will be seized by inspiration, and shaken like a rat in the jaws of a terrier.  You will wax poetic, assuming that "poetic" is the name of your car.
If you've been wanting to become a religious leader, today is the day to get cracking on it.  Otherwise, probably an uneventful day.
You have exactly as much chance of having a decent day as you have of developing amazing telekinetic abilities that let you secretly give innocent passers-by a wedgie.  Stay home.  Breathe normally.
Today, everyone around you will make you severely annoyed.  The important thing is to remember that, in the long run, they're all dead.
Today you will conclusively prove that despite what most people regard as common knowledge, monkeys only rarely chase weasels around the mulberry bush.  They normally engage in that sort of thing over by the petunias.
You will spend today in a state of mild anxiety.  Probably Ohio.
Another day of social convention defiance, today.  You may even go so far as to send a letter to Miss Manners, which begins: "Uh, Yo:" (Well, that's how Sylvester Stallone starts all his correspondence, right?)
Good day to begin that toothpick sculpture you've been thinking of.  You'll be the only private individual (aside from Martha Stewart) who orders toothpicks by the case.  Martha goes through several boxes just sticking breakfast together, I hear.
Excellent day to act childish.  For example, when's the last time you ordered a drink with a straw, and blew bubbles in it?  Or you could pout, if you want.  (Be sure to go for good lip extension, though).
A person named "Elmo" will call you repeatedly, and will refuse to believe that he's dialed a wrong number.
Not an especially good day to play with crossbows, guns, machetes, flame throwers, mortars, heavy artillery, knives, ninja throwing stars, spears, maces, or nuclear weaponry.  At least not all at once.  Why not go out and putter about in the garden?
Beware of cats, today.  (Particularly black and white cats who sit next to you and pretend to be innocent.  Those are the worst kind.)
Today one or more close relations will pout.  You will stoically endure this, and will steadfastly refuse to relinquish control of the remote control.
You will have a completely boring, uneventful day.  Then you'll go home, eat the same thing you always eat, watch a re-run, and go to bed.  Then you'll be abducted by aliens, who will tease you.
Remember: One tiddles one's winks, not vice versa.  Winking one's tiddles would be crude, and is illegal in some states.
Good day to let yourself go.  Just be back by 10, OK?
You will discover you have a certain flair for copywriting, and will pick up a little extra spending money by doing window signs for stores, such as "Going Out Of Business.  Waaaah!"
People will tease you about wearing your golf shoes indoors.  Don't you mind them, though -- they're undoubtedly just jealous.
Excellent day to come up with new theories to explain the universe around you.  Remember: the simplest explanation is usually the best.  For example, most physicists today subscribe to the "Big Band" theory of the creation of the universe.  I have an alternate theory that I prefer, which I call "Tuba Ensemble".
Try not to be too impulsive, today.  Ask yourself if you really need that howitzer, or if you just think it'd be fun to have.
Today you will discover a little book called "1001 Names For Your Pet".  You should probably name your next pet either "Pope John Paul" or "No Clothes On".  That way you can say things like "Pope John Paul peed on the rug, again" or "I'm going for a walk with No Clothes On."
You've heard that when economists use the word "nice", they're actually saying that something is homoscedastic and nonautoregressive.  Today you will find out what they mean when they say something is "like, totally kewl".
Today you will rush around in a tizzy.  It will be sort of fun, actually, since the tizzy handles well, and has more than enough power to make an exciting ride.
You'll feel a little tired and run down, today.  Just a hunch, but that could explain those tire tracks on your shirt, as well...
As Buckaroo Banzai said, "No matter where you go, there you are." Oddly, this will not be entirely the case for you, today.
Someone will stop you today, to ask directions.  Tell them to take the second star to the right, and go straight on till morning.  (I personally never ask for directions, since I find it's always much more effective to find someone who looks like they know where they're going, and follow them.  I also always tell people that my name is "Svlad".  It's something to do.)
The phrase "return your tray tables to the upright and locked position" will cycle endlessly through your mind, today.  It's not serious.  (But you should probably consider cutting down on the honey-roasted peanuts.)
Today you will begin a new hobby: collecting spores, molds, and fungus.  You will find it richly rewarding, in a spiritual sense.
Let a smile be your umbrella, today.  Tomorrow: letting a grimace be a pair of hip-waders.
This will be "one of those days", I'm afraid.  The person next to you on the bus will have taken one of those nitroglycerin capsules for his heart condition, and will be bending over to pick up a newspaper, just as the bus hits a big pothole...
You will get one of those pre-mixed salads in a new high-tech bag that "breathes".  Or, in this case, wheezes.
Someone will ask you how you are, today, for the millionth time, and you know they actually couldn't care less.  I've found that the best reply in this case is usually "Did you know that there's a spider on your neck?"
Today you will join the political action group "Whiners For Peace", and will call up your senator's office and whine at them.  Don't forget to sign up for the big "Pout Out" next month!
Beware of lightning, today!  Either stay indoors, or leave your aluminum foil hat behind.  (I know, I know.  It's hard.  But I've learned to live without mine, most of the time.)
You will get through the day without too much trouble today.  It would go even more smoothly, however, if you had bought that laser cannon when you had the chance.
Happy Frog Day!!  Let's hear it for our little amphibious friends!
Good day to let sleeping dogs lie.  After all, the poor things seem to be completely exhausted, most of the time.  My dog, Maggie, is asleep right now (after a good night's sleep, and a nice morning nap, followed by a good snooze).  It's a tough life, but someone's got to do it.
Today you will have the eerie sensation that either you are going crazy or you are being watched by something indescribably evil.  Luckily for you, you're in fine shape, mentally.
Someone will tell you today "Boy, what a girl goes through to send her brother through proctology school." Despite being forewarned, you won't have anything to say.
Aliens will land in Los Angeles today.  Unfortunately, nobody will be able to tell.
Today you will discover that you have no real friends.  Or at least, that they don't cast a shadow.
Good time to invest in stock.  (The canned kind, not the dry kind.)
Today you will be struck by an odd thought.  It will do little actual damage, fortunately.
Today will be Mexican Food day, for you.  In fact, chances are better than 1 in 3 that someone will refer to you as "Frijole-breath" before the day is through.
Hide.
You are being followed by a man with an eye patch and a prosthetic limb.  He, in turn, is being followed by a large reptile, which is making a ticking sound.
You will discover, today, that you can whistle and hum at the same time.  This will entertain you for <strong>hours</strong>.
If a wolf is chasing your sleigh, throw him a raisin cookie.  That, of course, is a metaphor for what will really happen.
An old man with bad teeth will whack you with his cane today, as you walk past.  He'll pretend it was an accident.
You will feel an odd compulsion to stack books, symmetrically, in the public library.  Try to resist it.
You will be tickled without mercy, today.  Oddly, you will not be able to see your assailant.
E-coli.  <I>It's what's for dinner!</I>
Today, someone named "Svlad" will appear at your door, carrying a large inflatable penguin and a bag of pistachio nuts.  Despite your better judgement, you will let him in.
Inspiration will strike you, and leave you for dead.  The police will do nothing.
Bring extra.  You'll need it.
Thrombosis.  Beware.  Also, your best friend will rush up and indicate by nonverbal means that Timmy is trapped under a log <I>again</I>.
People will tease you about wearing your golf shoes indoors.  Don't you mind them, though -- they're undoubtedly just jealous.
A hive of naked mole rats will move in with you today.  You will find that they are relatively tidy creatures, but that it's a trifle difficult to explain their presence to your friends.
Today you will discover an astounding new use for celery, and it will make you rich beyond your wildest dreams.
Avoid alternative music, today.  Also, try to find what's making that nasty smell in the fridge, before it gets worse.
Birds figure heavily in your day, today.  My advice?  Wear a hat.
Today you will begin a new hobby: collecting spores, molds, and fungus.  You will find it richly rewarding, in a spiritual sense.
What goes around will come around, today.  Metaphorically speaking, that is.
This is not a good day to start a new romance.  Particularly not a new romance based on a personals classified ad in the back of Mad magazine.
Uh oh.  "Bursting into song day", again.  Your friends will avoid you.
Someone will soon approach you with an idea.  Stay well clear of it.
Today will mark the first time you've ever actually "wrestled" a largish reptile.  Although an unexpected experience, you will find it strangely stimulating, and may decide to pursue it as a career.
Deny everything.
Between now and the <I>vernal equinox</I>, trust anyone with freckles.  After that, trust no one.
Paper airplane day, today.  Have as much fun as you can stand -- tomorrow will be ugly.
Someone will try to give you an egg salad sandwich today.  Refuse them.  Be polite, yet firm.
Your obsession with Lapsang Souchong tea takes a turn for the worse, today, as you begin secretly soaking your undergarments in it.  Professional help is indicated.
Today you will irritate people.  In fact, you'll irritate yourself.
Today will be a great day for bargains.  For example, you'll find a really amazing price on a flame-thrower, at the Army surplus store.  A flame-thrower is one of those rare things that really creates a lasting first impression -- so you should definitely get it.
You will win 12,000 cases of peanut brittle today, on a call-in game show.  That's a LOT of peanut brittle, as it turns out.
Remember that silly song <I>The Monster Mash</I>?  Beginning today, you will start sounding a lot like the lead singer in that song.
Due to a bump on the head today, you will lose all memory of what you did with your keys.  Or at least, that always makes a dandy excuse.
Good day to buy chocolate for someone you love.
Someone will give you a card, today.  It'll be nice.
People will stare at you today.  Unknown to you, you are starting to look more and more like a large frog.  A career in basketball may be in your future.
A friend will ask your advice on a technical matter.  If you answer, you'll be blamed.  Pretend you don't know anything about it.
Today you will be invited to go on a 3 hour boat tour, which you think will be lots of fun.  It may last longer than you expect...
A man wearing two left shoes and a shirt with only one sleeve will approach you today, and try to interest you in a no-load mutual fund.  Trust him -- he knows what he's doing.
You will discover that you can wiggle your ears today, and will actually become quite good at it.  People will invite you to parties.
Good day to go out and play in the mud.  Or at least, find some way of making squishy sounds.
Another day of social convention defiance, today.  You'll refuse to wear clothes in the "normal" fashion (if at all), and you'll begin all your business correspondence: "My Darling Snookums:".
You will try to alleviate the boredom you feel by making something creative with twine.  Fortunately, it will work, but you'll need a lot of twine.
You will declare war on ham, today.  Possibly on all pork, not just ham.  Why?  Nobody will know.
Happy Frog Day!!  Let's hear it for our little amphibious friends!
Today you'll start a new rock group, named "SPAM Catapult", and kick things off with a really smokin' number combining the best aspects of reggae, rap, and polka.
Itchy nose day, again.  Just be glad you don't have to wear a spacesuit!
Today you'll suffer the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune, and believe me, that'll <I>hurt</I>.
Good day to take up knitting, on horseback.  Everyone needs an adventure.
Today you'll try the old "goat in a box" trick, on your new boss.  It'll backfire, though, and <I>you'll</I> be the one with the clown shoes.
Today you should sit down (someplace comfy), and ask yourself if you even care.  You shouldn't.  It's not your fault, you've been trying as hard as you can, so you shouldn't care.  Not if they're going to act like that.
A very pudgy cat will annoy you, today.
Today you'll go buy a white jacket, and start working towards your dream: the resurgence of Disco!  And you'll be successful, too!  Yes, over the course of your life, you'll get literally <I>several</I> people interested.
Today you will see a free floating full torso vaporous apparition!  It'll turn out that your glasses are smudged.
Today you will find a really <I>big</I> piece of lint in your pocket.  That's it, though, for today's excitement.
You will become trapped in the sofa, again.  People will point and laugh.
A package will arrive for you today, from a distant relative in Tibet.  Scarlet-robed assassins will begin following you.
In this world you have a choice between being clever, and being pleasant.  I recommend pleasant.
You will begin a bitter and drawn-out battle with a gopher.  You don't stand a chance.
You will hear a strange "clicking" sound today, as you are walking through the kitchen.  Time to trim the toenails, don't you think?
You will be able to get out of doing an unpleasant task today, by pretending you are a chicken.
Today you will discover a troupe of gypsies hiding in your bathroom.  They will leave when you ask them to, but you should expect a fair amount of grumbling.
Today you will rescue several hostages from a life-or-death situation, using only a banana milkshake and a length of twine.  Film at 11.
You'll become best pals with a large invisible rabbit, today.  Well, actually he's a "puka", which is a type of Celtic spirit, but he'll <I>look</I> like a large invisible rabbit.
You will spend the day attempting to rest, but whenever you fall asleep you'll return to the same nightmare of being transformed into a chihuahua, and will wake, screaming (in a very high-pitched, whiny, and annoying sort of way).
Good day to make a call from a pay-phone in a busy place, and say (in a loud voice) "You dumped the body <I>WHERE</I>?".
Today you'll idly wonder what ever happened to Alan Alda, since his MASH days.  Believe me, you don't want to know.  Neither do I (and I don't).  I just know that neither of us wants to.
Good day for a nice nap.
Today you will turn over a new leaf.  Good for you!  We were all getting a little tired of you, you know, as you were.
Today you will read a small booklet titled <I>How To Make A Fortune in Frog Farming</I>, which will change your life.
You will think of something hysterically funny, but not have anyone to tell it to.
Dogs barking.  Can't fly without umbrella.
You'll find more, and very "interesting", uses for cocktail umbrellas today.
You will stack furniture in the bathtub, today.  That's just the sort of thing you <I>would</I> do, your friends will say.
You will find yourself in a huge hand basket, before the end of the day, and it will be getting <I>much</I> warmer than you like.
You will be hired as a cook/housekeeper for 7 extremely short gentlemen, who all live together.  Stay away from apples, for a while.
You will walk into a door frame today, and people will smirk.  Remember though, they're smirking <I>with</I> you, not <I>at</I> you.
Today you'll become incensed at the thought that you missed out on all the fun during the 60's and 70's, and will change your name to "Sunflower" in protest.
Beware of bubonic plague today.  Other than that, things will be fairly normal.
A person wearing a frilly pink tutu will appear, uninvited, at your next potluck event.  He will become quite ornery, when you ask him to leave.
You will invent a new type of bath toy today.  It will bring you fame and fortune, although it will also be the cause of an embarrassing appearance on the Letterman show.
You will make some new friends today.  One of them will be on some sort of "sacred quest", which will make a good ice-breaker.  ("So...what's with the coconuts?")
Today will be a celebration of life, love, and art.  Also, the start of a nagging fear that you'll find out something terribly unpleasant while doing your taxes.
Good day to curl up with a good book.  Later, you will build a fort out of your furniture and some sheets, and shoot rubber bands at people.
A scruffy-looking fellow who you've never seen before will come up and offer you a very strange-looking raisin muffin.  Good idea to decline, in this instance.
A very short and hairy person will bother you today.  Unfortunately, you will be unable to ignore them, try though you might.
Angst day, today.
A good day to start getting your affairs in order.  You shouldn't be having affairs <I>anyway</I>, so the least you can do is tidy them up.
Hmm.  Hard to read this one.  The carrot stopped right between "kidnapped and tortured" and "wins the lottery".  Probably a little of both, I'd guess.
That bad smell in the closet will get stronger.  Time to investigate.
Beware of celery.
You will have trouble with the telephone, in which, no matter what number you call, you reach "Mo's Leather Emporium".  Don't take it lightly.
Today you will uncover a conspiracy, involving leaf-blowers and other noisy and completely pointless garden equipment.
Today is an excellent day to wink slyly at people, just as they are turning away.  When they look back, smile innocently.
You might consider picking up some holy water and a few stout wooden stakes.  They'll come in handy soon, although I'm not sure how.
Several extremely hungry creatures will look at you strangely, today.  Throw them a raisin cookie.
A large cement dragon will appear to be following you, although you'll never actually see it move.  Don't you just <I>hate</I> that?
Good day to stand on the sidewalk near a tall building, and stare up at the roof.  You'll meet some interesting people that way.
If you aren't careful, you may accidentally insult someone by a poor choice of words, and hurt their feelings.  In particular, the expression "hideously deformed" may not be as neutral as you believe.
You will meet a tough challenge in a very resourceful way, today, using only a Swiss Army Knife, a transistor radio, and oven cleaner.
Good day to do crossword puzzles in the park.  Life is short enough, without letting it get you all stressed out like that.
You will make pizza from scratch today (dough and everything), and will beam with pride.  As well you should.
You will contemplate nothingness today, but somethingness will keep intruding upon your thoughts.
Good day to call an old friend, and reminisce.  (It turns out to be much <I>much</I> harder to reminisce with a new friend.)
A strange package will appear on your doorstep -- a basket of fresh longan fruit, lined with a page from yesterday's Beijing newspaper.  This could be a sign...
Beware of iguanas, today.
An old nickname will surface today, much to your dismay, "Giggles".
A rare form of management disease will strike you today, where you can only speak in metaphors.  Still, you'll open the kimono and hit the ground running.
You will dream about arrows without points, tonight, and it will have a deeply spiritual significance for you.  You won't know what to make of the episode with the lime Jell-O, though.
Excellent day to fly a kite shaped like a life-sized pterodactyl.  Try to get it to hover just outside someone's office window.
Privacy will be an issue today.  This may possibly be because a group of foreign tourists will follow you <I>everywhere</I>, smiling and nodding the entire time.
Today you will be up the creek, but you will actually have a very large number of paddles with you, due to some excellent planning on your part.
Yesterday's bathtub mystery will be explained today.  Still, you'll have no idea what to feed the penguin.  Pizza might work, I'd think.
You will unearth a small stone figurine, while digging in a garden.  If you set it on your television and put a small bowl of fruit in front of it, those unsightly warts should clear up in a week or two.
Today you will be seized with the urgent desire to buy a harmonica, which you will take everywhere with you, on one of those coat-hanger thingies around your neck.
You will spend another full day attempting to shuffle a deck of cards with your toes.  Fortunately, nobody will find out.
You will discover that by simply wearing a large amulet made of bones and feathers, and by carrying a blowgun, you can usually get a seat on public transportation, no matter how crowded it gets.
Excellent day to pretend to have various infirmities.  Pretending to have a hunchback is my personal favorite, and is often favorably combined with a drooling problem.
Today you will suddenly realize how <I>sensuous</I> pudding can be.  This will mark a turning point in your life.
You will decide to go into the swimwear market, and will become famous by making things out of stainless steel.
Tiddly wink day.  Make it count.
Today you will meet someone with a really "cute" sneeze.
Time to do something about that high blood pressure.  Have you tried leeches?
Today you will find that you can make an incredibly silly sound, and will spend the entire day making it, and then laughing.
Good day to invent an anti-gravity device.  Or at least, to tell everyone that's what you're doing.
Good day to use nautical terms in ordinary situations, and to refer to the different sides of your building as "port" and "starboard".
A dirigible will hover nearby today, and you will have the uneasy feeling that you are being watched.  You are, but so what?
A door-to-door arms dealer will stop by today.  Although you won't be entirely sure how you let yourself get talked into it, you'll soon be the first on the block to own a rocket launcher.
A new love affair will have you all misty-eyed.  Either that, or it's the onset of glaucoma, in which case you should seek immediate medical attention.
Good day to go around "nudging" people.
Today you will find yourself boldly charging through life.  That can actually get you in trouble, though, so you should really attempt to pay with cash.
Today you will discover a way to have your cake and eat it too!  Unfortunately, everyone else will think that's really disgusting.
You will receive a "Dear John" letter from a loved one today, but much to your relief, your name isn't "John".
Today you can have lots of fun by beaming at people, and telling them how fresh your brand of soap makes you feel.  If that doesn't work, try explaining how your detergent gets your shirts their brightest.
Several people, quite independently, will tell you moose jokes today, or otherwise attempt to discuss moose with you.  This is their subtle way of telling you that you're having a "bad hair day".
Today you will notice yet another large freshly-dug mound of dirt in your neighbour's back yard.  It's probably nothing -- he probably just digs at night if he can't get to sleep.  I know <I>I</I> do.
A haunting melody will float through the air this evening, with no apparent source.  It will turn out that a renegade oboe player is hiding in the shrubbery.
Squid day, again.  Try to make the most of it.  Perhaps you could go around with a bucket of squid, and give one to each of your neighbours?  Chances are you don't know them as well as you should, and this will make sure nobody feels guilty about that in the future.
Beware of rodents.
Everyone who drives by today will stick their head out their car window, give you a big dopey look, and flop their tongue around in the wind.  If you had known this was "act like a dog" day, you might have been better prepared.
Beware of galoots, today.
You will make people squirm, today.  Surprisingly, some of them will show remarkable talent at squirming.
Stay out of the Cheez Doodles today.
Today you will wear <I>way</I> too much cologne and make strange unconscious lip-smacking sounds.  You've been watching Comedy Night on The Subliminal Channel again, haven't you?
Good day to bring an asparagus sandwich and a nice thermos of Cream-of-Meatloaf Soup for lunch.
Excellent day for a bubble bath.  If you don't have a little yellow rubber ducky, you'll need to get that first, of course.
Today is a good day to crash through the underbrush, making loud snorting sounds.  Beware of poachers, however.
Today assa a joke, you willa make fun ofa how somebody talk.  You willa get beata up.
Beware of strangers bearing Cheez Whiz.
In an unfortunate turn of events, someone sitting across from you will have a peculiar variant of a bad hair day...a bad nose hair day.
Remember today: two wrongs don't make a right.  But three do.
Good day to make Mexican food.  Just don't drink the water.
Bad juju today.  Stay well clear of West African carved figurines.
Today you will lose your marbles.  Fortunately, someone will find them and return them to you.
Good day to bring your entrenching tool with you.  You never know...
Excellent day to study gastroenterology, or possibly to go bowling.
Good day to learn to play the tuba.
A man with a single eyebrow is following you.  You haven't borrowed any money lately, I hope?
Excellent day to do something new with bean curd.
Don't you owe someone a thank-you note?  If not, send one anyway -- that's always fun.
Old Neil Diamond songs will circle endlessly in your mind today.  I recommend screaming and pounding your head on the table.
You will have an odd dream in which a stadium filled with dogs looks on while a group of wiry runners chases a bunny around a track.  The bunny will be Miss April, I believe.
Beware of giant squids today.  Other than that, a good day for a nice walk along the beach.
You are being stalked by an invisible mutant from Planet 7.  Or at least, you'll find that this makes an excellent excuse for not doing those outside chores today.
Good day to take up crime fighting, as a hobby.  First, make yourself a really awesome leotard and cape, and maybe some sort of unusual headgear.  That's how most of them get started.
Today you will lie to yourself.  Amusingly, you will be completely taken in, and will be very annoyed later when the truth comes out.
At the same moment you read this, someone will be thinking about you and smiling.  In a moment, they'll be laughing outright.
You will insist on being called "El Magnifico", today.  There will be some grumbling among the peasants.
Today you will begin work on a life-size pterodactyl robot, which you will use to terrorize the city.  Either that or you'll take a nap.  It just depends what sort of mood you're in.
Your manager will be a twit, today.  That's ok, though -- it's what he's paid for.
Your ACME Rocket Sled arrives today!
You will have a hunch, today.  Perhaps you should try a firmer mattress?
Everyone you work with will bring Kim Chee for lunch, today.  They're just doing it to be difficult.
Excellent day to slurp soup.  Remember: if you're going to do anything, do it well.  Obviously, that includes slurping.
Today you will be struck by the notion that "Life is like one of those little cars that the Shriners get to drive".  You have a mind of great depth and profundity.
Excellent day to fill some pantyhose with popcorn and do the reindeer dance.
Good day to begin construction of a labyrinth.  Everybody loves a labyrinth.
Leek soup day, today.  Despite your recent tendency towards shoplifting vegetables, I highly recommend you <I>buy</I> a leek, not take one.
Today you will be "mooned" by a cat.  Fortunately, you won't notice.
Good day to doodle.
Bad day to tease a yak.
And old friend will call today, who you haven't talked to in <I>years</I>.  He'll remind you that you owe him money.
Your car is possessed again, so you should swing by the exorcist on the way to work.  I always hate it when mine is repossessed...
Today you will discover a lot of money under your pillow!  Unfortunately, it won't begin to cover the cost of the dentures that you will also discover a sudden need for.
Today is <I>not</I> a good day to be yourself.  In fact, that might even be dangerous.  Be someone else, until further notice.
Everyone you see will be "power walking" today.  Ignore them -- they're just trying to get on your nerves.
Good day to power-walk.  It not only looks silly, it <I>is</I> silly.
Good day to bring home a bag or two of live bugs.
Good day to count your blessings.  Both of them.
Stinky feet day, today.  Don't go to a Japanese restaurant.
Today you shall laugh your bitter laugh.  You'll also sneeze your bitter sneeze.
Excellent day to make odd hand gestures at people you don't know.
Remember: people who live in glass houses shouldn't throw stones.  It's ok to throw mashed potatoes, however.
Beware!  Someone is about to come give you a hug.
You are being watched by a large penguin.  Act normal.
You are about to scare several people out of their socks!  It will turn out that they have very ugly feet.
You will be afire with enthusiasm today!  Unfortunately, someone will put you out.
You will write a newspaper article about the Internet today.  Why not?  Everybody else has.
Everyone you know will wear unmatched socks, today.  Actually, it's stranger than you think -- they'll all members of a pagan cult, and this is Sock Swap Day.
Beware of Doug.
Absolutely marvelous day to complain, grumble, gripe, or whine.  Remember: if you're going to do something, do it <I>well</I>.
Today you will order the dinner "special" at a restaurant.  You will regret this, however.  Why?  Okra.
Fortune will smile upon you today.  Actually, it's more of a smirk.
Try not to be too impulsive, today.  Ask yourself if you really <I>need</I> that howitzer, or if you just think it'd be fun to have.
Excellent day to fritter things away.
You will wrestle with your conscience today, but will be disqualified for using an illegal hold.
Excellent day to be expansive and benevolent.  It will make people worry.
Nothing unusual today.  Unless you count that episode with the iguana...
Continue hiding.
Good day to wear tropical fruit on your head.
Excellent day to run a new metaphor up the flagpole, and see if anyone salutes.
Good day to bring donuts to a meeting.  Later, ask people how their diets are going.
Some strange "hooting" creature will hide in your bushes today.  You should be able to drive it off by whacking the bushes soundly with a kitchen broom.
Excellent day to make strange "hooting" noises, while hiding in the bushes.
Late in the day today you will notice that people seem to be staring at your nose.  Don't worry, though.  It's probably nothing.
Don't lose hope!  Conditions like yours are painful and embarrassing, but often clear up on their own.
Good day to act extremely childish.
You are about to have an idea of almost mind-boggling brilliance.  Try to remain calm.
Stay well clear of anti-tachyon beams, today.
You will discover a bassoon player hiding in the shrubbery.  That's not something you should try to deal with yourself -- call in the professionals.
You will develop a sudden bizarre craving for a bologna sandwich on white bread with mayonnaise and iceberg lettuce.  Fight it!
Beware of short people.
You will soon learn to fear and loath the word "diaper".  Don't know why.
Nothing especially remarkable will happen today.  You <I>will</I> get a strange urge to talk like Ziggy Marley, but it will pass.
During a walk in the woods, you will spot Mick Jagger.  He will be gathering moss.  You will find that strangely disturbing.
Avoid yodelling today.
You will hear screams coming from a Hungarian restaurant, while you are walking by.  Don't worry, though.  That's normal.
Try to avoid nibbling on things today.  Despite recent developments, you don't actually know your friend <I>that</I> well yet.
Don't go out today, without a spatula.  I can't say more.
Don't worry about your hair.  It's your breath that makes people look at you like that.
You will become a bit nervous when you spot the Feldsteins, next door, doing a Bantu war dance.  Perhaps you should call in sick today, and just stay indoors watching Wheel Of Fortune?
Excellent day to sneak.
Do not leave home without a ball of twine, today.  You won't actually need it, but it'll make you feel better to be prepared.
Good day to avoid pickled herring.
Excellent day to make strange mouth noises, particularly in a crowded elevator.
Today you will receive a gift horse.  Unfortunately, it will have a really horrendous case of gingivitis.
Today you will realize that your biggest problem is indecisiveness.  Or possibly procrastination.  Tomorrow may be a better day to figure out which.
While cracking your knuckles today, you will be a bit startled to hear a "ping" sound rather than a "pop".  That's a bad habit, anyway.
Good day to learn ventriloquism.  Lesson 1: making squishy sounds when people walk by, in time with their footsteps.
Today will be mostly OK, except that you'll learn to pay more attention in the future to the phrase "Careful, filling is hot!".
Good day to mumble.
It's ok to spill the wine today, if you feel you really have to.  Under no circumstance should you dig that girl, however.
Today you will be either snug as a bug in a rug, or smug as a thug on a drug.  Hard to say for sure.
You will get the peculiar urge to go outside and roll around in something yucky.  Also, you'll notice your ears are getting hairy.
Time to stop beating around the bush.  Beat the bush <I>itself</I>.  Give it a good thrashing, and say "bad bush!" in a loud stern tone.
Excellent day to fidget.
You will be pestered by a small fluffy animal today.  Don't be taken in by appearances -- it's actually a mutant from outer space.
Good day to bring home an insectivore as a pet.
You look ridiculous in that.  Go and change.
Avoid friends who've had sudden personality changes, today.  And always watch the skies.
Excellent day for unfettered optimism.  Tomorrow: fettered optimism.
Today you will begin to have nagging doubts about your feet.
It would be best, if you abandoned the Fez.  You aren't that type of person, and it's no use pretending.
Today is an especially bad day to try something new involving explosives.  Try to keep a low profile.
Good day to call an old friend, and reminisce.  (It turns out to be much much harder to reminisce with a new friend, although it's often entertaining to try.)
People around you are starting to look a bit complacent.  Good day to adopt a haunted expression and carry a large ball of aluminum foil.
You will have a rather unfortunate episode involving turnips, today.  Later, however, you'll be able to write a killer song about it.
Excellent day, today.  Unless today is your 15th birthday, of course, in which case you're destined to have a particularly embarrassing episode involving a cat and an argyle sock.
Today is the day you will discover your larger cosmic destiny!  A television infomercial and an 800 number are somehow involved.
You will be struck by an odd thought, today.  Fortunately it will be only a glancing blow, and will do little actual damage.
Good day to go on a voyage of self-discovery.  Try to be back in time for dinner, though.
Today you will wonder where idiomatic expressions come from, and whether you can start one yourself.  Be careful, though.  The first person to say "nothing succeeds like success" must have sounded like a real idiot.
Good day to let your imagination soar.  Tomorrow: imagining you're sore.
You still have way too much to do.  You always have too much to do.  If you were any more behind, you would be able to kick yourself.  Ever try saying "no"?  Sheesh.
You will become embroiled in a serious dispute about food.  Feelings will be hurt.  Bygones will eventually be bygones, but not until you ease off on the Tabasco.
You will be misidentified, on national TV, as a renowned ichthyologist.  Several people will call you, long distance, to ask about the mating habits of <I>Tilapia</I>.
You will be plagued by feelings of inadequacy, and will have a feeling of ennui mixed with malaise.  But don't let it get you down!
You will begin a spiritual journey.  The karmic chaos which has surrounded you begins to settle into a new pattern.  Also, you will become strangely fascinated by electric juicers.
What are you looking <I>here</I>, for?  You should be on a spaceship, sticking a fish in your ear.  It's not like you didn't get enough hints.  If you are vaporized, it's your own darned fault, I'd say.
If you don't start flossing more often, the tooth fairy will be a constant companion.  Start taking better care of yourself.
You will be buffeted by hordes of people, who will all simultaneously show up in your office "just to chat".  Eventually, you will make your escape by locking yourself in the bathroom.
Thirteen short bearded men will invade your living quarters soon, eat all your food, and drag you off on an ill-advised adventure, much to the amusement of an elderly gentleman of your acquaintance.
You will be offered a chance to go on a journey soon.  It sounds like fun, but you might benefit by looking up <I>La Isla Zancudo</I> in a Spanish-English dictionary before you pack your bags...
A creature from the 7th dimension will become attached to your leg, and will be impossible to remove.  Eventually, you'll simply get used to it.
While attending a seance "just for fun", you will be possessed by the spirit of Rasputin.  Surprisingly, it will be a good career move.
You are sad about an upcoming event, but can do nothing about it.  Try knitting -- people say it's wonderfully relaxing.
You've just finished something, but you're starting to wonder if it would be better if you tried it another way.  Forget it -- that way, madness lies.
When you were young, your heart was an open book.  You used to say "live and let live".  But if this ever-changing world, which we live in, makes you give it a miss, say "live and let die".  Or something.
Rhubarb pie is the only antidote for your ailment.  Trust me on this one.  Also, someone's been teasing your cat.
You will realize soon that you've missed your true calling in life -- that of a New Vaudevillian, a theatrical marvel of the Age of Cable.  Starting as "Professor Snibble and the Yodelling Pigs!", you'll rapidly achieve notoriety, and (much later, with a different act) respectability.
In a savage reaction against what you view as New Age Wooly-Mindedness, you will write a best-selling book titled <I>I'm Ok, You're A Twerp</I>.  Later, people will often regard you as having "defined" the current decade.
Your plans to take over the world move forward to the next stage, soon, right on schedule.  What you need now is a hunch-backed henchperson with pale protruding eyes.  Fortunately for you, a suitable candidate will soon show up at your door, dressed as a peanut.
You will discover what Shakespeare actually meant, when he wrote "Hey nonny, nonny", in <I>Much Ado About Nothing</I>.  It turns out that it was simply in-field chatter that somehow made it into the play, and that Shakespeare not only enjoyed softball, but was a reasonably good shortstop.
You will have an intellectual discussion with a potato, soon.  You'll be so caught up in whether it was Descartes or Voltaire who first advocated empiricism, that it will fail to strike you as a bit odd that the potato knows much of anything about 17th-century French philosophers.  In fact, it knows more about them than you do.  Later, that will irritate you.
Following up on your accidental observation of the "sock dimension" (remember that sock you saw re-materializing a while back?), you will invent a machine to let you cross over the dimensional barrier.  Sadly, you'll be one dimension off, and will pop into the lost pen and pencil dimension, where you will be severely poked.
You will develop the extremely rare "Perkin's Disease", and will start having a strange compulsion to shoot things with tranquilizer darts, or sell insurance.  Plus, you will try to trick your friend, "Jim", into wrestling a giant anaconda.
If you're not already a vegetarian, you will be.  Someone with the initial "E." will make sure of that.  Ed?  Ernest?  Dunno.  Someone like that.  E.  Coli, is what I see.  Odd name, huh?  Sounds Italian.
Your children will return, but they'll be unnaturally quiet and good-natured.  Eventually, you'll discover how the switch was made.
Twelve freshly cut rods (made from ash) will be found in a peculiar pattern on the lawn.  Two large black crows will watch you solemnly from the top of a parked VW Microbus.  The weather will turn colder, and the air, although clear, will seem grey.  Don't worry, though, it's probably nothing.
The world will be dim and grey, and cold.  Carrion crows will caw at you from the edges of the world, and deep cold water will rush by in rivers without names.  Ahead, on the peak of a mountain, is a glimmering golden light.  Either that, or you'll get gum stuck to your shoe.  (Sometimes these things are hard to read.)
You will quit your job, run away from home, and spend the rest of your days working on a shrimp trawler, under an assumed name.  Personally, I think that's over-reacting.
You will get a notion to become a street food-vendor, and will make yourself a food serving cart for the "Bulghur Baron".  You will sell pint containers of hot bulghur wheat, cooked with sauteed onions, garlic, and other vegetables.  To everyone's amazement, you'll succeed fabulously, eventually making millions off the franchise rights alone.
A big spider will be waiting for you in the dark, chuckling its evil spider chuckle, and rubbing it's hairy legs together in a chitinously evil way.  Fortunately for you, someone else will come by before you, and will squish it without a second thought.
Have you ever considered adopting a new life as a "mountain-person"?  Living in the vast mountains and forests of Alaska, hewing an existence from the unforgiving wild Nature of our ancestors?  Nope, me neither.
Chaos will ensue, when you are accidentally hit by a motorist, just as a bus full of lawyers specializing in insurance claims is passing by on the way to a conference.  The bus will literally <I>erupt</I> into a heaving mass of clawing, screaming, and briefcase-bashing lunatics.  Eventually they'll take out a class-action lawsuit against you.
You will find a biography of some famous dead person, at a garage sale, and buy it on a whim.  It will change your life.  You will also soon take up bricklaying, as a hobby.
Your neighbours will have a wild party, which you'll catch glimpses of through the open window.  You'll know you shouldn't watch, but it's just hard to imagine how people can <I>do</I> that, especially on a trampoline.
It was a simple mistake, which anyone could have made.  What's more, now you know better.  I think, though, that the expression is too widespread for you to actually get it changed to "never look a gift horse in <I>either</I> end".
You will start having strange dreams of becoming an aquatic creature.  Eventually, you'll spend nearly all your time in the water, and will attempt to get strangers to throw you fish.
You will attain your dream of having your own cooking show, but it will become tiresome when you have to battle your way past people dressed as chickens to get into the studio each day.
You will independently re-discover an old Celtic trick, which will help considerably with an upcoming math test.  In particular, you'll find that painting yourself blue may do little for your own mathematical abilities, but it will be a significant distraction for everyone else.
An elderly Chinese gentleman will drop by for a visit.  You'll spend the entire visit in complete silence, except for the occasional clink of a teacup in a saucer.
You will finally get the television exposure you've been wanting, by organizing a group of protesters to block the entrance to a physics lab, holding crudely-lettered signs saying "Down With Gravity!".
You will have a secret rendezvous with a representative of a large foreign corporation.  The password will be "fling me a spicy burrito, Stanley".  Unfortunately, you may have to say this to quite a few people before you find the right one.
It will turn out that someone you spend a great deal of time with is actually one of the last remaining <I>Sinanthropus</I> (Peking man), rather than an actual Cro-Magnon.  This will explain things you'd been wondering about.
While looking through comparative salary figures, who will discover that the job of "Village Idiot", in many metropolitan areas, pays better than that of the mayor.  Don't even consider a career change, though -- it's a lot harder that it sounds.
While poring over some old historical documents, you will discover that the Norman invasion was actually supposed to be the "Bob" invasion, but Norman stole the credit for it.  Sadly, it will turn out to be too late to change it now.
You will have a trifle too much punch at a party this week, and will amuse the other guests by flopping around on the floor an making "Ark!  Ark!" sounds.  But who cares?  If they want to be stuffy, let 'em, I say.
In an attempt to simplify your life, you will discard all of your footwear.  Later you will regret this, but will be too proud to admit it.
You will decide to change your life by taking up fishing.  Unlike the average person, however, you will be "strictly bass".  One must have standards, after all.
It will turn out that all of your life up until now was just a peculiar dream, and that you are actually still only 2 years old.  You will find this vaguely irritating.
If you love someone, let them go.  If you hate someone, grab 'em and hang on like a dog with a stick.  Snarl a bit, too -- that's always fairly effective.
Unaccountably, everything you eat will remind you of wild hickory nuts.  This is the first sign of <I>Gibbon's Syndrome</I>, and you should seek immediate medical attention.  You don't want to end up getting arrested for eating your neighbour's shrubbery...
You are developing a strangely magnetic personality.  Soon people you don't even know will begin hanging around with you, hoping for some small sign of your attention.  Also, iron filings will begin sticking to the tip of your nose.
Beware the Ides of March.  Also, if you have a friend named "Brutus", it might behoove you to be a trifle more selective...
So, you've decided to have children.  Congratulations!  You, er, <I> do</I> know that giving birth has been somewhat unfavorably compared to pushing a flaming log through your nostril?  Just thought I'd mention that.
Things aren't going as well as they should for you.  The main thing to do is to find someone else to blame, and move on.
Uh oh.  The cows have come home, and the fat lady is about to sing.  Better come up with some new excuses, quick!  You can do that while you're coping with the unpleasant result of the cows coming home.
Despite having a brilliant mind and a lot of terrific friends, you find yourself stagnating in a quiet backwater, with financial success nowhere in sight.  You will go into business for yourself, however, making frozen Piroshki based on your grandmother's recipe, and will become rich and famous.  Your grandmother will thwap you with her umbrella.
A Martian creature named Yg, who is more than ten thousand years old yet has the disposition of a cranky two-year old child, is hiding under your house.  That's where the raisin-cookies have been going.
Your perfume or cologne has too much patchouli.  Only an idiot wears patchouli.  Or a witch.  Hmm.  Er, never mind.  Wear whatever you like.  I'm sure it's quite nice.
A friend will ask you to give her a ride to Main street.  You'll forget where you're going, though, and drive her to Distraction.
About your new idea...  Sure, I'll bet you could sell your handmade voodoo dolls by marketing them over the Internet.  The competition, however, can be "fierce".  You might want to stop and consider how many flights of stairs you're interested in falling down, before you commit yourself to that course of action...
You're in luck!  What you thought was existential nausea is really only a mild case of salmonella poisoning.  So you can sell back that Complete Works of Jean-Paul Sartre.
You will spend a lot of time contemplating four-dimensional space.  Unfortunately, you'll keep getting distracted by things popping into non-existence around you.
Time to throw down the gauntlet.  Or, if you can't find a gauntlet, a ski mitten will do.  Just make sure you throw it down.  (That's one <I>heck</I> of a lot more fun than throwing it up.)
As a joke, you will put a remote controlled monster under someone's bed.  That will be really funny, although perhaps not quite as funny as when they put a <I>real</I> monster under yours.
You will get a new job, soon, in which your most important activity will be to periodically "jiggle a little thingy".  While it will pay well, this will prove to be somewhat awkward to explain at parties.  Eventually you will hit on the ploy of saying you sell insurance...
There will be a great disturbance in the force, today.  Fortunately, it will be caused by a really funny lawyer joke sweeping through the Universe, so there's no reason for you to worry.
Today you will finally reach the breaking point, since that incessant pounding from your new neighbour's place is driving you nuts!  You will storm over there, but what you find will be very bad news indeed.  Your new neighbour is the Energizer Bunny.
You will be detained by the police today, on suspicion of having removed a tag from a mattress.  Eventually they will let you go with just a warning.
Time heals all wounds, yes.  But that's not really intended to mean that you should tie Time magazine around your sprained ankle.  It's a figure of speech, you see, not meant to be taken literally.  I have heard, however, that Newsweek is good for gout.
You must seize the opportunity that presents itself today, no matter what the consequences may be.  Remember: opportunity knocks but once, and absolutely refuses to ring the doorbell.
Good day to get a potted plant for your office, which you should name "Throckmorton".  (The plant, not the office.  Obviously, "Throckmorton" is a completely inappropriate name for an office.  "Wiggins" is a good name for your office, if it doesn't already have a name.)
You will get a postcard from the Forbidden City today, containing some very unsettling news.  You won't realize that, of course, since it will be written in a language you don't understand.
As a joke, you will send off a resume for your dog to a company which wants to hire an extrusion manager.  Surprisingly, he will not only get the job, but will earn more than you.
Today you will suddenly and quite unexpectedly become fascinated by fishing.  You'll spend all your spare time looking through lures, and will videotape all the fishing shows.  Don't lose hope, though -- while there is no known cure for your condition, there's a team working on it at MIT.
You will discover that your manager was frequently taunted with a rubber chicken during his formative years.  This will go a long ways towards explaining some of the things you'd been wondering about.
You will discover an odd amulet in an old curio shop, which is made entirely of holmium and yttrium, and which strongly interferes with the normal functioning of electronics.  Best not to play with things like that.
You will be overly impressed by a commercial for a golf club, which describes it as a "weapon of incredible range and power".  You will make people nervous by referring to your pencil as "a weapon of incredible pointyness and surprise".
You will discover a sure-fire method of fooling all the people, all the time.  It will have something to do with Cottage Cheese.
Despite your best efforts, you will be unable to get your book published.  But all you really need to do is change the title!  "A Comparative Study of Invertebrate Parasites" is <I>not</I> likely to be published.  But "A Bucket Full Of Leeches"?  Now <I>that's</I> another story.
People are starting to take you a bit too seriously.  Try wearing your bunny slippers to work.
You are always running out of things to say, at dinner.  Try memorizing a whole lot of facts about commercial fish farming -- that's always a good topic for discussion.
You will soon send off for plans to build your own hovercraft.  Your scheme to disguise it as a giant floating eyeball is a bit silly, though.  Personally, I'd make it look like you were wearing a giant hoop-skirt, in which case the engine sound and levitation might easily be passed off as a rather unfortunate case of intestinal gas.
You are about to invent a night light in the shape of a chess piece, which you will name the "Nighty Knight".  You should be ashamed of yourself.
You will inherit millions, along with a rather elderly butler named Hodgson.  You'll have a nice time.
You are about to have an unfortunate episode involving insects, grape Kool-Aide, and a revolving door.
Beware!  The Celestial Jade Emperor may banish you to the Big Grumpy Place if you don't start paying more attention to the four Winds.  Obviously, this is a metaphor, somehow involving Cleveland.
You will notice an odd stone "egg" in an antique shop.  Don't bring it home.  They're <I>very</I> hungry right after they hatch.
People will begin complimenting you on how clean you are.  You will find this strangely irritating.
You will be followed by an evil-looking man in an old green Ford pickup truck.  Surprisingly, it will turn out that following people is just his hobby, and you have nothing to worry about.
You will invent a new type of bath toy today.  It will bring you fame and fortune, although it will also be the cause of an embarrassing appearance on the Letterman show.
You haven't been sleeping well, but that will soon change.  You will develop the knack of falling instantly asleep whenever you want to -- either at night, or during boring meetings.
Good day to put strange labels on your binders and file cabinets, such as "launch codes", "who's been naughty", or "Snerge".  This will be quite effective in distracting visitors, so they will often forget what ever they were preparing to bother you about.
A tricky situation will arise today, but you will rise to the challenge and draw it to a satisfactory conclusion.  Oddly, you will hit upon the right thing to do by suddenly recalling an old Gilligan's Island episode.
You will acquire a slight sniffle, today.  (A sniffle is a cross between a dachshund and a cairn terrier, bred especially to spot helicopters.)
Time for a career change.  Have you considered the exciting and lucrative career of "despot"?  One of the nice perks about that is that you can wear a ridiculous hat without people laughing at you.
You will be followed by people who look suspiciously like shoe salesmen.  Try to remain calm -- they can sense fear.
You will discover a horror almost beyond imagining today -- your home is inhabited by the ghost of an insurance salesman.  Who you gonna call?
You will discover that you've always had the power to go home, simply by tapping the heels of your bunny slippers together.  Unfortunately, as you will also soon discover, it's not <I>your</I> home.
Good day to ponder the parable of the itsy bitsy spider, and the futility of climbing up water spouts during spring weather.  You'll be able to apply this lesson to one of your current relationships.
You will begin making strange facial expressions, completely unconsciously, in which you push your lips out as far as possible.  Also, you will begin spending hours staring at tropical fish.
You will have a visit from "The Scourge of Valderia".  He's thin, small, balding, wears little round glasses, and dresses in a rumpled blue suit.  Still you <I>don't</I> want to cross him.
Due to minor lymph-node infection, several dangerous toxins will shortly be released into your bloodstream.  Not to worry.  You'll survive, and the only permanent brain damage will involve an enthusiasm for polka music.
You will overhear a whispered conversation, regarding how cute it is the way someone wiggles their tushy when they walk.  You will have an uncomfortable feeling that they may be referring to <I>you</I>.  This may make you a trifle self-conscious.
Beware of turnips.
A member of your family will be involved in a tragic accident with an electric nose-hair trimmer.  This will affect your attitude towards product liability lawsuits.
In a daring intellectual coup, you will translate a collection of Zen koans from Chinese directly into Jive, in an attempt to combine the best elements of philosophical thought and emotion.  You will title the collection "Yo Mama By The River".
Despite protests from a variety of organizations, you will organize a charity event called a "squid fling".  Due in part to excellent media coverage, you will be quite successful.  Mostly, though, you will succeed because nearly everyone has a secret desire to fling a squid.
Remember: Unexpressed feelings don't die.  They are buried alive and emerge later as Border Collies.  So don't hold anything back!  Tell everyone what you REALLY think of them!  You may lose your job, family and friends, but you won't have a crazed, hyperactive animal hounding your every step.
You will accidentally hit yourself on the head today, while putting away the dishes.  While you won't be seriously injured, you will begin having strange dreams that you are a half-witted Leicestershire workman living in the year 1771.  When you wake up, you won't really know if you're a present-day person who dreamed of being a half-witted workman, or vice versa.  You'll also have the odd impression that someone named Lao Tsu is laughing at you...  (That part is true.)
You will be traumatized by an episode with a stapler, today.  You will be unable to even <I>look</I> at a stapler for several weeks, without trembling.
Today you will discover that you are capable of "channelling", when you start spouting ancient Sumerian curses at a short little dweeb who cuts you off in traffic.  You will start taking notes in cuneiform.
You are being followed by a quiet, rugged man wearing cowboy boots, jeans, a large silver belt-buckle, a faded plaid flannel shirt with the sleeves rolled up, and a Carmen Miranda hat.  Perhaps you should hurry.
In a rather bizarre and unfortunate turn of events today, your lips will go ballistic.  Shortly thereafter, your Ziggy Marley accent will kick in.  You will be comforted to know that those are simply the first two signs of a "spaz attack", which is more common than most people realize, and usually non-fatal.
Today you will flip a coin 4 times, and it will come up "heads", "tails", "heads", "heads".  Then someone will come up and say "hey, whatcha doing?" Then the phone will ring.  Just a coincidence, though, in this case.
You are about to start a band, with friends, which will be called "Rainy Daze".  You will choose that name primarily because one of your group simply doesn't care for "Clenched Buttocks" as a band name.
Tomorrow is a good day to wear your lucky Rocket ship underwear.  Try not to leap into rooms while shouting "Hark!" however.
Good time to institute "show and tell" at the office.  Why should kids have all the fun?  You could break the ice by bringing in your stamp collection, no?
You will be attacked by a man wielding a ham sandwich.  Fortunately, you will remember your self-defense lessons, and should be able to drive him off using a bunch of celery.
Today you will be overcome with a sudden strong urge to learn to play a wooden flute while cavorting around in the forest.  I recommend you treat those separately at first.  You'll find what you need under "Music, Instruction" and under "Cavorting, Instruction".  Don't get talked into buying any cavorting supplies, though -- they're really only needed by professionals.
While attempting to stifle a yawn today, you will accidentally make a loud "smooching" sound.  Try bringing out your pager, and saying "these new models sure have some interesting sound options, don't they?" I find that works well with several other forms of involuntary noises, as well.
Excellent day to go into politics.  Make up a new government position, such as "Regional Manager, Dept.  of The Posterior", and put up hundreds of posters of yourself.  With any luck, it will be years before anyone notices that there is actually no such job.
Today you will discover that there is nothing more silly than a silly laugh.  A silly nose wiggle ranks pretty highly, though.
Benjamin Franklin said: "If you would like to know the value of money, go and try to borrow some." You're not sure this is an accurate indicator of the value of things, however.  At least not after having tried to borrow a toothbrush...
You are about to leave a footprint in the sands of Time.  The editors of Time would prefer it if you'd ask permission first.
Try being entirely honest for a week.  That's a fine way to develop a clear conscience.  Personally, I prefer my method, though -- a poor memory.
So.  You let your "mole plants" die.  Now the moles are back, and this time they mean business.  No more Mr.  Nice Mole.  Try burying a line of eucalyptus cough drops along your property line.  If that doesn't work, there's a chance you can buy a nuclear warhead from Ukraine.
You've been yodelling in your sleep, again.  Is it any wonder that you've been having trouble with your romantic relationships?
You will develop a passion for Cajun cuisine, and will refuse to eat anything that hasn't been "blackened".  Your family will draw the line at blackened corn flakes, however.
Excellent day to just walk down the street, going "Doo wah ditty, ditty dum ditty doo".  I'd stop short of taking a walk on the wild side, though.
Good day to wear overalls and discuss bean farming with retired people at a diner or family-style restaurant.  Or at least, that's a lot more fun than what you'd be doing otherwise.
You will become embroiled in yet another argument about crustaceans today.  You will easily trounce your opponent, who will leave in a huff.  He's just being crabby, if you ask me.
Today you will deliberately annoy people by standing too close to them when waiting in line.  Tomorrow: standing just slightly too far away.
By careful detective work and a hidden pressure-sensitive scale, you will discover that the young woman next door weighs the same as a duck.  Be careful!  And if I were you, I'd put your duck on a diet.
It is a joyous time to vacuum.  Yes, you'll have more fun than you can stand, pushing that new vac around.  So what, if other people don't understand?  Unfortunately, an evil Asian gentleman named "Fu" will kidnap your beloved vacuum cleaner, a few years from now, and you will be faced with an ethical dilemma.  Enjoy life while you still can, is my advice.
While channel-surfing by remote control, you will accidentally happen upon a secret US government channel, and will overhear people in the Pentagon talking about their success with several operatives code-named after various amphibious creatures.  A sudden horrible realization will strike you.  Either that, or you'll get jam on your shirt.
You will rest peacefully, and sink into a strange dream.  In the dream, you will be playing an odd version of soccer with huge clear balloons, and people will be cheering you on from the sidelines, who are dressed in white formal attire.  Don't go into the light.  The extra point isn't worth it.
You will be granted a religious experience of startling significance, similar in some respects to the accounts of statues of the Virgin Mary weeping.  In this case, however, she will sneeze.
Unleash the power you have chained inside you!  Just don't let it make those annoying "yip yip yip" sounds or pee on the lawn, this time.
Remember to put a disclaimer at the bottom of your report, to say that it doesn't necessarily reflect the views of your management, or, for that matter, of any other carbon-based life form.
You'll go out to dinner with a new person, soon.  Remember the advice of my old Uncle Stonebender, though: "It's fine if someone eats like a bird, as long as they don't have kids."
It's ok to whistle while you work.  Your co-workers will draw the line at yodelling while you work, however.  They're probably just jealous.
Remember: loose lips sink ships.  The really strange thing is, nobody's ever been able to explain to me why ships have lips in the first place, especially if they're that risky.
Hmm.  Hard to read this one.  The carrot stopped right between "catches horrible disfiguring disease" and "loses everything in major earthquake".  I guess you can pick whichever one you want, in this case.
The bad news is, you're competing for that new job with a Hindu goddess.  The good news is, if you think YOU have trouble figuring out what to do with your hands during an interview...
You will join the ranks of the <I>hipster cognoscenti</I>.  It'll be fun at first, but later you'll start secretly craving casseroles, and it will eventually become such an intolerable pressure that you'll abandon your pale, pierced friends with the clever haircuts and move to Minnesota.
It's time to stop beating around the bush.  Move on to beating around the ornamental shrubbery.
You will find happiness.  It will look a lot like tranquility, only a bit fluffier.
You will finally figure out what the problem is, with your car!  Basically, it has developed a sense of humor.
You will meet someone who you haven't seen in a long time, and will barely recognize them.  At least not without the spiked collar and the whip.
Your ancestors were berserkers -- feared warriors who attacked without fear or common sense.  You will soon enter the same state of mind, and when you finally "snap out of it", you will find an enormous pile of peeled potatoes and family members edging towards the door.
Everyone will stare at you like deer in headlights this week at the office.  Actually, you will later decide that driving your car around inside the office may not be your best-ever idea.
Excellent time to race one of those little Shriners cars up and down the sidewalk twenty thousand million times.  Also, you'll meet an angel, but don't let on that you know who she really is.
Not a good time to discuss sauerkraut.  At least not if you value your friendships, and your sanity.
You'll find a penny when you are out for a walk.  Surprisingly, it will be the key to a wonderful change in your life.  The trick is just to figure out what you can do with a penny, these days.
Your morning grumpiness and sluggishness will vanish soon, when you discover that the problem was just using the wrong type of deodorant soap.  Soon you'll be stepping out of the shower, grinning like an imbecile!
Good time to be happy-go-lucky!  You'll find that works out a lot better than the sad-go-accident-prone you've been trying.
Soon you will start work on a mystery novel, "The Curse Of The Mummy's Nose", told from the point of view of your cat, Erik.
You will accidentally throw your back out.  Not only will that really hurt, but the trash guys will get really surly when you ask for it back.
You will see an ancient symbol appearing in the whorls of your fingerprints.  That, combined with the dreams of apocalypse may make you worry.  I wouldn't though -- it's just a vitamin B12 deficiency.
Excellent time to take up weasel ranching.  Or at least to claim that's what you do, at parties.
You will go into business making those little sugar packets that restaurants use, and make a fortune.  The restaurants will have to use fewer of yours than anyone else's.  Is it due to the pictures on the packets, of really fat people?  Who knows.
You will discover a new "5th law" of Thermodynamics.  The first law says "you can't win".  The second law says "you can't break even".  The 5th law, however, says "never draw to an inside straight".
You will find yourself using a very old spreadsheet program, soon.  So old, in fact, that the columns have to be either Doric, Ionic, or Corinthian.
You will decide to write a letter to the editor.  "Who is this 'Al Ninyo' guy," you'll say, "and why don't they just lock him up?"
Nobody knows the trouble you've seen.  Let's just hope you can somehow keep it that way!
Bad day to call someone a "whiney gen-x cybercowboy".  Tomorrow's better, for that one.
It will occur to you to wonder, what if Jesus had actually said "The geek shall inherit the earth", but was just misquoted?  Then you'll think of Bill Gates.  Then you'll start to worry.
Someone will ask "How are you?" for the millionth time.  You should celebrate the occasion by having a speech prepared - something embarrassingly intimate is usually best.  "Glad you asked, Bob.  I'm having a darned tough time getting rid of these pesky genital warts, for one thing..."
Excellent time to show the world that plaid and stripes do <I>too</I> mix.  (Tip #12 of Arnold Pinknobble's "How To Get Noticed".)
Good time to start on your trophy collection!  (You can have them made for yourself, you know.) Personally, I've won the "International Tiddly Wink Open" three years running.
You will invent a cool machine that will automatically make over 800 different varieties of coffee drinks.  Unfortunately, everyone will go back to drinking just plain coffee.
Excellent time to start a new company, making software to help people with mental problems.  You will call it SchizoSoft.  Your motto: "Who Do You Want To Be Today?"
In one of those amusing misunderstandings that often happen due to bad phone connections, you will show up to go on a hike with something unexpected.  If you stop and think about it, you'll realize that it isn't that likely someone would say "It may be cold, so be sure to bring a goat."
Good time to learn to play the harmonica.  If you get one of those coat hanger thingies to hang around your neck, you can even play it while you're typing!
You may be drinking a little bit too much coffee lately.  That could explain why everyone else is moving so slowly, or why they say "What was THAT!?" in a verrrrry slow, deep voice, every time you walk by.
Excellent time to hum popular songs, just slightly off key.  If you do that long enough, the people around you will change in appearance.  You'll be able to see the veins in their neck, for one thing.
You are coming down with a truly horrendous cold.  The kind of cold that makes everyone else miserable, just by looking at you.  That's just the kind of inconsiderate behaviour people are starting to expect from you, too.
This will be a very happy week for you.  And you know what they've been saying about that for thousands of years, don't you?  "Happy Good!  Me Like Happy!"
You've been complaining too much, lately.  You might find more to enjoy in <I>your</I> life by watching a documentary about a lot of people starving to death in miserable third-world slums.  I know that always cheers <I>me</I> right up!
Time to develop new friendships, and possibly to get a new hair style.  Personally, I'm working on the "wacky inventor" hair style, in which I wash my hair at night and go to bed with it still damp.  It's not a look for everyone, however.
A good time to learn to laugh at yourself.  Or, develop multiple personalities!  That way you won't be laughing <I>at</I> you, you'll be laughing <I>with</I> you.
Family problems again.  It'll be just like that Rolling Stones song, about how you "Can't Always Get What You Wa-ant", except that in your case, you can replace one of the words with "Ever".  Try being positive and future-focused.  Also, pretend you don't speak English.
You feel like you're slowly being crushed at work, in a mental and spiritual sense.  Perhaps travel would refresh you?  For spiritually beneficial travel, I usually consult my neighbourhood Astral Travel Agency.
You will be forced to re-evaluate your boss' IQ, when you discover that he is looking forward to the release of "Titanic II".
Good day to use the expression "just dandy" as much as possible.  Tomorrow: "okey dokey" day.
Something will start to bother you, and you will eventually have to ask someone to explain it.  The thing is, some birds have very acute hearing - so WHERE ARE THEIR EARS??
Time to make a bold new fashion statement.  What's the reason for matching socks, anyway?  Why are people so obsessed with sartorial symmetry?
You may lose sight of what is truly important to you, if you're not careful.  In other words, it not whether you win or lose, it's whether you end up with your leg in a cast for 3 months.
You will find a renewed interest in home repair or remodelling soon.  Oddly, that will occur shortly after a visit by your nephew.
This is a time when you need to hold on to your dreams.  Or in other words, reality is becoming too much for you, and you should try to escape into a bizarre fantasy life.  Heck, it works fine for Ross Perot, doesn't it?
Nobody knows the trouble you've seen.  Except for Bob, that is.  You know - the quiet neighbour, with the binoculars?
You need to work harder on your friendships.  Why, you sometimes don't even like yourself that much, do you?  Be nice to yourself this week - buy yourself some flowers or a nice gift.  And stop suspecting yourself of having an ulterior motive!
Time to look for a new job.  You should be able to find work as a surgical assistant.  And stop worrying so much!  Everyone else lies about their background, too.
Having trouble sticking to that diet, aren't you?  It's even harder when you see all those enticing commercials for fast food on TV.  The trick to dealing with those is to use your imagination - mayonnaise becomes shaving cream, a burger becomes compressed compost, and everything else is coated with synthetic motor oil.  Which, these days, is pretty close to the truth.
You've about had it with one particular fool in your life.  Have you considered investing in a tranquilizer gun?  Mine comes in very handy, especially at work.
This week, you'll discover a trick to make those meetings seem more interesting.  Imagine that everyone else has a ferret clinging to their head.
You've been a little down lately, and it's time to snap out of it!  You've got to smell the roses while there's time, since you're not going to live forever.  Which is good, since you're already seeing hair in funny places...
You will discover the secret to becoming a great artist!  You can stick anything you want on the wall, the trick is to make people think deep thought went into it.  For example, spray-paint a bathroom plunger gold, and stick little angel wings on it.  Call it "Life In The Details".
Your neighbour thinks his dog is so smart, it's starting to bug you.  The thing to do is cover a book with a book cover that says "Quantum Physics for Dogs", and train your dog to lay next to it, along a pad of paper covered with scribbled equations and a chewed-on pencil...
You will develop a strange fascination with steamed vegetables.  Which is OK.  Much better than, say, an enthusiasm for steamed toast.  (Whenever someone asks me what kind of toast I want, I always say "To Friends, Old and New!")
Someone nearby will read something out loud to you soon, which you might consider fairly obvious - such as "Blows to the head are a common cause of brain damage".  The best reply to this is "Huh?"
This week you will discover the first of the Three Big Secrets Of Success: It's really hard to fail, if you have no purpose.
A coworker is going to steal one of your best ideas and claim it as his own.  That's about what you should expect, though, from a cow "orker".
Remember: it usually helps convince everyone you are right, if you jump up and down and yell.
Good week to greet everyone with great enthusiasm.  For example, "Bob!  You're still alive!" (Everyone likes to feel appreciated.)
This week you will angrily tell someone that you are more than just a name and a number!  You are also punctuation!
What you are about to do is wrong.  Of course, you will only find that out much later.  For now, enjoy yourself!
Good time to invest in flowers and a card.  Sometimes no occasion is the best occasion.  Just like sometimes no disfiguring disease is the best disfiguring disease, I guess.
Your slogan for the week should be "Carpe Diem", or "Seize the Day!".  Once you seize it, give it a good shake, just to prove you mean business.
This week, you are the bug and everyone else is the really huge shoe.  Your objective: don't be noticed.
You will soon accidentally discover why it is that so many things "taste like chicken".  It's because they <I>ARE</I> chickens, in clever disguises.
Good time to consider capitalising on the wave of 70's nostalgia that is sweeping the land.  Why not try making shag carpeting?  At least you should sit around in your beanbag chairs and discuss it.
You are at a turning point in your life.  Turn left.
Excellent time to do some personal reengineering.  I mean, face it - your mother simply wasn't much of an engineer...
Someone will ask you what you want to do this weekend.  That may seem like a good time to say "What am I, psychic?" It's not, though.
This week you will feel like corn.  Just not like having any.
Someone who you really dislike, who is arrogance personified...will be nice to you.  This is a good time to be afraid.
Drip, drip, drip.  Dunno.  Something like that will be in your life, soon.  I'll bet it's something good!
Good time to wear WAY too much cologne.  Well actually, that's generally not a problem for people who wear cologne.  Usually, they have no sense of smell.  (Oh come on - you think they'd do that on purpose??)
Time to commit some random acts of kindness.  I have developed an algorithm for this.  The next time someone asks you for a quarter (or any small coin), take one out of your pocket, and toss it in the air.  Heads, give it to them.  Tails, put it back in your pocket, and tell them you haven't got any.  Or whatever - remember, the important thing is to be RANDOM.
Your main problem?  You're not eating NEARLY enough strudel.
You've been finding that the best-laid plans of mice and men often go astray.  Or is that awry?  Awiggly?  It's something along those lines.  Anyway, the thing to do is to fire your mice.
Someone you don't like will make repeated attempts to talk to you today.  The best way to handle this is to stuff extremely crunchy food in your mouth during each attempt, and then mumble "What?" while looking at something slightly over their left shoulder.
This week will find you explaining gender roles to the clueless.  For example, men MUST continue to channel surf on the TV, no matter how interesting the show is that they stumble onto.  Women must watch what shows up on the channel they're watching, no matter how boring it is.  It's just how these things are done.  Women commit and regret it.  Men don't commit and regret it.  It's in our genes.  Some kind of adenine/guanine/trampoline chemical thingy.
Good time to be logical and willing to admit error.  This will amaze and confuse everyone, and some of them will be so flustered that they'll try it themselves.  Just don't keep it up for too long - you might get "stuck" like that, and go through the rest of your life like some kind of freak!
This may be a good time to take up squid farming.  Provided that you can figure out what type of hat to wear, that is.
You will tend towards simplicity in your life.  The Voluntary Simplicity movement has been gathering momentum lately, so you'll have plenty of company.  And heck, who cares if it's "voluntary", right?
You've always felt, like Socrates, that the unexamined life is not worth living.  There's no need to use a microscope, however.
You will find that it is true - everything is better with the addition of either chocolate or garlic (but not both).  Well, except for running shoes, that is.
In a strange turn of events, it will turn out that people wearing glasses not only look smarter, they ARE smarter (and have better memories).  You'll forget all about that when you take off your reading glasses, of course.
Good time to invest in collectible things you never had any use for.  Susan B.  Anthony dollars may make a good start.  (Unlike your usual investments, the value of those can only plummet so far...)
Your requests are being ignored.  Often you can get people to pay attention by simply adding a few words to the end of your request, such as "Pick up your socks, dear, or die screaming."
Good time to get involved in the Fiber Arts.  Why not see what you can do with Metamucil?
It's about time you became better acquainted with mustard.  Get yourself 7 different kinds of mustard, and try them with oven baked home fried potatoes, or in sandwiches with good bread and fresh vegetables and some excellent Swiss cheese.  My granddaddy Stonebender always used to say "Take a big enough bite of strong mustard, and your other problems will seem insignificant."
Someone will turn a cold shoulder to you, and your feelings will be hurt.  You'll get even by turning a tepid elbow to them, later.  Just don't let it escalate to the blazing ankles stage, is all.
Soon you will find yourself at another dull party, where the only person you know is who you came with.  You'll need to use Tip #39 of my book "101 Ways To Break The Ice": Ask someone who they are, after introducing yourself.  When they say their name, repeat it back to them as "YOU'RE Bill Smith???" "Uh, yes" "Well, you sure can't believe everything you hear, can you?" "What do you mean?" "Well, it's just that you don't look at ALL like a weasel, you know?  Or at least, hardly at all."
You will accidentally step on someone's foot, and they will say "Ow!".  That's when I usually say "No pain, no gain." Sometimes people don't like me.  I've never figured out why.
You will go to a wedding soon, at which you will be uncomfortable.  You'll have fun throwing rice, though.  In fact, chances are good that you'll take up rice throwing as a hobby.  "It's not just for weddings any more," you'll say.
In a strange form of protest against the new trends in personal adornment, you will make mooing sounds whenever you see someone with a nose ring.  Coincidentally, some of them will say "Hay!"
Nothing ventured, nothing gained, is the rule for now.  In fact, "nothing" will play a very large part in your future.
Good time to become involved in a secret plot to overthrow someone or something.  Personally, I think your best bet is to start small.  You can pick up some tips in "Overthrowing Things For Fun And Profit" by Kwan No, M.D., Ph.D.
Something is about to become overly intimate with you.  Intimacy can be good.  Just not with fungus.
You've been trying to sell your car, and it just isn't going anywhere.  Sometimes it helps if you have a name for your vehicle, to give it more character.  I call mine the "Millennium Falcon".  My passengers often become irritated at being called "Chewie", though.
You will discover a small flaw in your character.  Meditation and Ginseng tea might clear it up.  Or if not that, then a few gallons of cheap wine and an adventure involving a cart filled with garbage, some gold coins, and a goat.
It will occur to you that there may be something behind the heroic and daring exploits of people in commercials for snack foods.  You are absolutely right - in fact, snack foods can be dangerous if over-indulged in.  I once wrestled a giant anaconda after downing a bag of Ranch flavored potato chips and a Hostess HoHo.
Good time to compliment your friends.  If you can't think of anything else to say, tell them they're looking "very buff".  That will leave them pleased, but slightly uneasy, and they'll spend a lot of time looking in the mirror.
As a joke, you should put an 8-foot-tall mucous-covered "egg" in your friend's basement.  Then, when he or she goes down to do a load of laundry...
Someone will ask you for your advice.  Don't give it!  Or if they insist, simply shake your head solemnly, and mutter "Much bad juju", and refuse to clarify.  They only want a scapegoat.
This is a good time to get out there and make a difference!  I'm often tempted to do that, but I just can't figure out where "there" is -- every time I get there, it's here.  Maybe if I run really fast?  Oh well, if you figure it out, be sure to make a difference.
Someone will tell you that you "run funny".  Just ignore them.  (And be very glad they didn't see you throwing a baseball.)
You've been getting tired of the same old "look", day after day.  Maybe you should get a tattoo?  I'll bet people with tattoos never get tired of 'em!
You will spend this week trying to get to the bottom of things.  The good news is, you will succeed!  The bad news is, the bottom of things is sometimes ugly, and often smells bad.
Noticing a picture on a colleague's desk, you will comment "I've never cared for those hairless cats".  That might not be a good thing to say.  Newborns can be a bit blotchy, and new parents can be a bit touchy...
You will come up with a theory about people - that you can learn a lot about them, simply by removing the first letter of their name.  For example, Ron -> On.  That's why I'm on-line.  That also explains why Hugh acts so primitive, sometimes.  And if I were you, I'd avoid Alice.
You will discover a secret about the Spice Girls - most of them can't tell Cumin from Coriander.  In fact, some of them are vague about whether Black and Red Pepper come from different types of plants.  You will quite sensibly decide to avoid going to their place for dinner.
Unknown to you, people think you are a wimp - just because of your weak handshake.  You need to get one of those hand exercisers, and use it constantly for a few months.  Then, crush their little hands into pulp!
You will invent a new type of lingerie, and will make millions.  The stripes are the key to your success.  You will call it "Ze Bra".
Those spiders are growing larger around your house, and it's becoming more of a challenge to escape.  You may want to consider acquiring a flame thrower.  (Hint: illicit nuclear dump nearby.)
What fun!  You'll be called in to a special meeting at work soon, where someone will have a "pink slip".  Sounds like party attire to me!
Bad news: people think you're becoming paranoid.  Isn't that just typical, though?  I mean, they don't even HAVE invisible malevolent air-squids spying on THEM, do they?
Things haven't been going well for you lately, and you're sinking into a fairly ugly bit of self-pity.  You merely need to count your blessings!  (1) You've got a tremendous talent, which some day may be in demand, (2) You're almost normal -- LOTS of people have extra appendages, (3)...
It's about time you learned some more recipes dealing with zucchini.  Lots and lots of zucchini.  You'll need one of those new Martha Stewart "Kitchen Shovels", I'm afraid.  The good news is, you'll find several nice zucchini recipes in my new cookbook "Recipes For Disaster" (the sequel to "Another Fine Mess").
You'll become part of the Formal Attire Resurgence movement.  Be wary of the Casualist Party though - there's someone out there just dying to spit on your spats.
Later this week you'll feel much like Scarlet O'Hara did, when she said, "I'll never be hungry again!"
You will write some office email soon that positively sparkles with comic irony.  You'll be asked to knock it off.
Due to forces beyond comprehension, you will begin talking with a Texas accent.  Eventually, you'll come out with audio tapes to teach this to others, which you will call "Bubba-Bonics".
You've got to learn to slow down.  You're driving yourself and everyone around you crazy.  Just pretend that your life is a Prince Valiant comic strip.
You're about to spend a considerable amount of time with someone who personifies "dour".  The kind of person who never once clapped for Tinkerbell, even as a child.  Just ignore them, if you can.  If you can't ignore them, pretend they are a duck.
This might be a good time to refer to your roommate as "Watson" and say things like "The game's afoot!".  Eventually, you'll be able to reconstruct an entire evening's events from a spilled drop of raspberry vinaigrette.
Today will be especially trying, and if you're not careful, you could end up in a pretty grumpy frame of mind.  Take precautions!  Wear your E.T.  underwear.
This might be a good time to decide what you want to be when you actually do grow up.  I'm guessing that you'd be best off as either a yodeling oceanographer, or possibly a bovine pathologist.
It's time for you to consider being kinder to your feet.  And stop taking them for granted!  For example, when's the last time you sat down and had a nice friendly chat with them?  Do it today!
You're having trouble getting your elderly relatives to pay attention to you.  Have you tried talking with a Scandinavian accent and using a soap bubble machine?  That, and accordion music, always do the trick for me.
Tomorrow when you wake up, you'll make an unpleasant discovery.  Sometime during the night, you'll have been visited by the nostril hair fairy.
You will join a team, and have lots of fun.  I'm not sure what sport it is, but the team name will be "The Screaming Weasels".
You will vow to always tell the truth, but it will backfire on you.  Most people find that kind of behaviour highly suspicious, and more than a little deviant.
You know that how you dress will inevitably send a message to those around you.  In this case, your message is "Help!  Help!"
Bide your time, and don't do anything rash or in anger.  Remember: Revenge is a dish best served cold, with a light bearnaise sauce.
If you keep going the way you are, you'll soon be fit as a fiddle!  (And as you know, a fiddle is very buff, for a stringed instrument.)
You will find that if you deliberately mispronounce "sir" as "sair", you can answer a lot of questions with either "yes air" or "nose hair".
Ever had one of those times when you ask someone "What are the crunchy things in the oatmeal?" and they say "Crunchy things?" Soon, you will.
You will soon need to look older than you actually are.  Bushy eyebrows generally do the trick.  You'll find that a little rubber cement and a pair of sleepy hamsters are just what you need.
Soon you will get into accounting, "just for the thrill of it".
This is a good time to start becoming a connoisseur.  You have to take that one thing at a time, though - e.g.  nobody is going to become a wine connoisseur overnight.  Start with something that's fun to say.  Pumpernickel, for example.
You will come across a matchbook that will change your life.  Inside the cover it will say "You too can be a criminal mastermind!"
You will finally begin your novel!  This is very good, since if you'd decided to write a screen play, you would have had to move to California and drive a taxi.
You will mosey, this week.  There's nothing that wrong with moseying, after all, and it's occasionally just what is needed.  In fact, you'll soon begin work on "Mosey Your Way To Fitness", a best-selling self-help book on the topic.
Remember: good people are good because they gain wisdom through failure.  Happily, there's every reason to believe you'll become much better soon!
Ian McHarg once said, "Man is a blind, witless, anthropocentric clod who inflicts lesions upon the earth." You will come up with a brilliant rebuttal to this, soon.  You will say: "So?"
You find that after all these years, you are finally beginning to conquer your fears.  You will find that oddly frightening.
You will finally come to understand what Mies Van der Rohe was talking about when he said "Less is more." He was talking about his brother, Lester Van der Rohe, and was referring to a small weight-gain problem.
If you want someone to change, it's often good to give them a painful option and a less painful option, and let them choose their own course.  For example, "Do you want to pick up you own wet towel, dear, or would you like to have a live weasel stapled to your leg?"
Confucius said "Choose a job you love, and you'll never work a day in your life." Confucius was a Harvard man, you know, with a huge trust fund.  He certainly never "worked" a day, himself.  I wouldn't take what he said too literally, in your case.
Remember that those who do not learn from history are doomed to repeat it.  Normally that's not a big deal, but since your accounting department just changed its name to "The Mongol Horde", you might take notice.
You need to do something about that nervous laugh.  Practice an "evil laugh" and use that instead.  Then at least, you'll be able to hear everyone else's nervous laughter.
Life is beginning to bet a bit stale, isn't it?  Whenever that happens to me, I concoct some sort of prune-related recipe and send it off to the food editor of the local daily.  You might give that a try.
This is a good time to remember Einstein's advice, to make things as simple as possible, but no simpler.  That applies both to theoretical physics, and in your case, to dinner.
Try to praise in public and criticise in private.  Just never, ever, criticise privates.
Remember - every cloud has a silver lining, and every problem is an opportunity in disguise.  So next time you see a problem, just imagine it without the fake nose and glasses.
It's time to start setting higher goals.  Don't get stuff to make a salad and then let it rot in the fridge.  Get stuff to make several salads, and start your own compost pile!
You need to stop accepting responsibility for your own life.  Everything is actually the fault of that darned liberal media, you know.  You'd be nearly perfect, or at least much thinner, if it wasn't for them.
Pinch your pennies, this week.  Next week: fondling your nickels.
You need to be a bit more brusque, to cut down on your interruptions.  Stay just this side of gruff, however - and make sure you don't stray into crustiness.
You, for one, have just about had it with all this "Globalisation".  Time to go on a diet!
Why did life develop in this fragile boundary between earth and sky?  Because life exists at the edge of chaos.  You'll find that is particularly true, this week.
To your chagrin and horror, you will find yourself humming along with "muzac" in the grocery store.  It's the beginning of the long slow slide, I'm afraid.  Next stop: collecting "nick knacks".
This week, try to live your life based on the ad copy of a men's cologne.  For example: "The mood of the sea, and the spirit of the wind" (Cool Water, by Davidoff) Or perhaps: "Disturb the equilibrium" (Catalyst for Men, by Halston)
You may have to share a hotel room with a business colleague, to save travel expenses.  Here's a tip to keep them from talking all night: bring along a teddy bear, and punch it really hard in the head a few times at bedtime, screaming "Shut up, Mr.  Teddy!  Shut up!".
Soon, through no fault of your own, you will catch someone underlining words in a library book.  It's just one of those signs, you know?  Before the Apocalypse.
This is a good time for you to start your on-line loan shark business.  Start small, though.  Try to be sort of a "loan piranha", at first.
You should look into some of that new "dream interpretation" software.  That recurring dream about being naked in a hot tub with the Pope and Bill Gates is probably a really common one.
Time to start looking for a new car.  Try to find one with more personality, this time!  (And less of a sense of humor.)
Good time to get your finances in order.  Luckily, in your case that simply means putting the one dollar bills in front of the fives, in your wallet.
Your next fortune cookie will say "See?  We told you it taste like chicken!"
Remember: you can't tell your boss to get lost.  You can, however, give him the wrong directions.
Another one of those excruciatingly boring meetings today.  Try to liven things up by summoning one of the people back from the dead.
It's time to get a new perspective on your job.  Try to think of work as a great big funhouse.  Just without the fun.
You're fussing with your hair too much.  Perhaps you should temporarily cut back on shampoo.  Or at least demand real poo.
You just need to start believing in yourself.  Try getting other people to clap their hands, if they believe in you.
This may be a little late, but heck, late is better than never.  You know when they said to shop naked?  They meant shopping on-line...
You are being followed by fierce warriors of the Nez Perce tribe.  You know - those guys with the little frameless glasses on the chains around their necks?  Not surprisingly, many of the Nez Perce became fierce librarians.
Everyone's talking about Nostradamus these days, but nobody ever remembers his first name.  Except you.  People may think it's pretentious of you to talk about "Bob Nostradamus", but who cares?  They'll all die when the comet hits, anyway.
You should give your car a name, so people will be more impressed when you give them a ride.  I think you should call yours "The Federation Starship Intrepid".  And always do that little two-finger wave and say "engage", when you start off, of course.
Your window of opportunity is rapidly closing!  Don't worry too much, though - the screen door of possibility is still ajar.
That new employee seems honest, and is a really hard worker - so who cares if she wants to wear a studded dog collar?  You'll have to draw the line at butt sniffing, though.
Relationships are a lot like tables.  One leg is love, one is trust, one is shared pleasures, and one is shared dreams.  Lasting relationships need all four legs for balance, to hold up the burden of your troubles.  In your case, though, you'll never get rid of that irritating wobble.
Lately you feel blessed with great abundance, as though your cup runneth over.  Basically, you just need a bigger cup.  You will have left-over lasagna for lunch.  This is odd, because you don't remember the lasagna being made in the first place.  Just one of those little mysteries that haunts you in life.
Today you will wake up with a nasty crick in your neck, combined with a periodic twinge in your back.  Everyone who sees you will be left with the impression that you are being either aloof or spastic (or both).  Also, you will spill soup on your best shirt.
You will go on a boat ride, and a deranged bunny will swim towards you in a threatening manner.  Unfortunately, this episode will be caught on videotape by a tourist, and your dreams of a political career will be forever dashed.
Secret society day, today.  Don't join -- no matter how much you like the secret handshake.  Also, good day to swear off pickles.
Two people near you will engage in sudden, violent, rubber-band warfare.  You will be caught in a crossfire, and severely thwapped.  Next time, consider wearing protective headgear indoors.
Today you will dredge something up from the collective unconscious, but after a moment's reflection, you will toss it back.  Also, you will make an embarrassing sound in mixed company.
Today will be a complete waste of time.  You will at least learn to spell "equaminity."..er..."equanimbity"...no...hmmm.  You will learn to spell a word like that, today.
Today you will use the phrase "hep-cat daddy-o" one too many times, and your friends will tie you to a chair, and gag you.
Arachnids will be especially troublesome today.  Chances are only fair that you will make it through the day without tangling with one or more giant Amazonian tarantulas.  Keep a stick within reach, is my advice.  A <i>big</i> stick.
You will spend most of the day attempting to tie knots in a piece of cord, using only your toes.  You will be unable to say why, but this will seem like a useful skill to you, at the time.
Today you will discover a hair growing in an odd place.  Don't worry about it, unless the odd place is your eye.
A tomato features in todays cuisine.  Sadly, that's going to be your pinacle of excitement for today.
An odd smell, probably like that of chocolate milk drying on a linoleum floor, will bring back a flood of childhood memories.  You will remember your locker combination from seventh grade, for example.  Ironically, this will happen during a boring yet important meeting, and you will disgrace yourself by calling someone "booger-face."
Today you will realize that you've always wanted to have the biggest ball of string in town, and will start collecting odd bits of string at every opportunity.  Eventually, you will make it into the <i>Guiness Book of World Records</i>, right next to the <b>Giant Happy Tape Ball</b> record set by Mr.  S.  Boondoggle.
A huge red balloon will float by you, today, being pursued by a small person of the French persuasion, and a film crew.  If you wish to cause cross-cultural mirth, cross your eyes, talk in a high pitched voice, and whack yourself in the head with a baguette.  Otherwise, don't.
A relative will be seriously injured today, when a man dressed as a huge shrimp abandons his post at the opening of a seafood restaurant, steals an experimental hovercraft, and crashes it into your relative's motor vehicle.  The worst part is, the insurance company will refuse to pay a cent.
Strange things continue to happen.  Today you will put on a long-sleeved shirt, only to discover that the sleeves now extend past your fingertips.  You didn't say anything inappropriate to an elderly British gentleman with strange green eyes, recently?  Let's <i>hope</i> not.
Beware of men on stilts, today.  (I'm sorry, but professional ethics prevent me from revealing more.  You'll understand, though, when the "situation" occurs.)
Today, by practicing for hours in the mirror, you will finally be able to keep a "stiff upper lip." Much to everyone's surprise, it will prove to be an excellent boost to your career.
You will be attacked and beaten by a group of Nuns.  When a baffled pair of mounted urban police drag them off you, they will refuse to say why they were attacking you, and will sulk.
In a stroke of pure marketing genious, you will start a company to sell fresh-roasted peanut butter door-to-door.  Your sales people may find the peanut costumes a bit uncomfortable, at first, however.
Today you will meet Klive Dinky, the proprietor of <i>Klive Dinky's Tropical Dream Vacation, and Spa Salon</i>.  He will turn out to be much shorter than you ever imagined.
You will be harassed by cats today.  Hungry, irritable cats.
It's time to seriously consider indoor golf.  How else are you going to use terms like "mashee" or "niblick" in casual conversation?
You will watch a lot of TV today.  But that's ok, if that's really what you want.
Noodle day #2!  "The Revenge Of The Noodle." Today you will learn to make a really killer recipe for szechuan noodles, which will contain both chili-garlic paste and whole peanuts.
Today you will find a small speckled egg, shimmering a little, in the fireplace.  If you keep it warm in a 350 degree oven for 3 weeks, it will hatch into a small dragon, and then eat you.
A huge spacecraft will hover over your dwelling structure today, and secretly analyze you down to the last parasitic microbe in your epidermal layers.  They will be on the point of making contact with humans, and offering us technology to cure all illness, let us live indefinately while looking like healthy 20-year-olds, and give us the ability to travel interstellar distances in an eyeblink...when they spot you making something with SPAM.  After a bit of horrified bleeping at each other, they will zoom off, never to return.
Try to be logical, today.  It's your only hope.  (Which is considerably better than it would be if your "only hope" was some old geezer on the desert planet Falderol and you had to send a robot shaped like an underarm roller-type deodorant off to find him.  But not as fun.)
Your butler will quit, today, in a tiff.  Since you can only view gif and jpeg, though, it will be quite some time before you realize that.
Today old Monty Python skits will keep running, unbidden, through your mind.  The only cure will be to be to drink a glass of a fine Australian wine, which has a bouquet like an aborigine's armpit.
A man with a large nose will attack you with a sword today, while composing free verse in archaic French.  Luckily, he'll get stuck trying to come up with a word that rhymes with "l'orange", and you'll have time to slip out the back way.
A hexapod robot will run away from its laboratory today, change its name to "Bob", and take up residence with you.  Eventually, you'll become best friends.
Your feet will continue to trouble you today, although you won't be quite able to put your finger on what's wrong.  You haven't been that flexible in <i>years</i>.
Your butler will return to work today, and pretend as if nothing had happened.  It's time for you to compromise, and give up those new argyles.  It's for the best, in the long run.
You'll accidentally eat one of those fried szechuan chili peppers today, and it will bring tears to your eyes.  This will strike you as odd, given that you will be eating a ham sandwich at the time.
You will narrowly avoid a collision on the sidewalk today, as a small giggling person runs past you, being hotly pursued by a weeping incoherent person waving a ham sandwich.  Aside from that, a pretty typical day.
An elderly gentleman next to you on the bus will spontaneously combust, today, and you'll become an instant celebrity when you put him out with a Slurpee (tm).  Eventually, they'll make a prime-time TV drama about the incident.
Good day to buy a stereo microscope, and examine that stuff under your toenail.  Well, as good a day as any.
Would you just <i>Stop</i>?  Nobody else feels the need to dance around like that...
More fun with twine, today.  Isn't it <i>great</i>!?
Three kings from arid countries will wander by, leading their horses, and apparently searching for something.  This will seem innocuous at first, but later, you'll start to worry.
Don't do that.  Your face could get stuck that way.  Oh, I'm sorry.  I hadn't realised it already did...
Today you'll develop a rare mental disorder, causing you to mix metaphors.  But don't you worry -- you can't make an omlette without a silver lining, and in this case, you'll discover that everyone will confuse mixed metaphors with management potential.  BIG promotion in store.
Today will be the <i>best</i> day of your life, if you can just remember ...  er ...  now what <i>was</i> that?  Hmmm.  If you can just remember something really important.  Otherwise, no.  Hmmm.
Your mind will go blank today.  You won't mind -- it'll be a refreshing change from the raging torrents of thoughts that have been pouring through you lately.  Plus, you'll get to stretch out in a sunbeam and take a nice nap.
I'm sorry, I'm not allowed to argue any more, unless you've paid.
You will go to a Chinese restaurant and decide to try something new.  Don't do it!  It's not as good as your favorite.
A project you started a while ago takes on nightmarish proportions, today, as you realize that you've been suckered into a hideous task.  Fortunately, you will be able to get out of it by feigning death.
An older friend will avoid you today.  Have you considered using any of the vast number of breath-freshening products that are available, these days?
You will discover a large deposit of gold, when you're out on a stroll.  Unfortunately, wealth will not make you happy.
You will be on your way downtown today, when you will be struck by an odd thought.  Fortunately it will bounce harmlessly off you.
An eldrich fiend will hover at the edge of your sight, tonight, as you look out your window.  Not a particularly good day for a midnight stroll.
Today you will find the word "impecunious" popping unbidden into your mind, at regular intervals.  Eventually, you'll go look it up in the dictionary.
Due to your supreme skill at an obscure video game, you will be abducted by aliens, and asked to save their race from anihilation at the hands (roughly speaking) of evil creatures from between the stars.
You will find a many-legged creature under the fridge.  Unfortunately, it will be the size of a small horse, and actually will be making off with the fridge, when you spot it.  My advice?  Let him have it.
Slow day today.  Surprisingly, it will be due to a time/space anomaly caused by a localized anti-tachyon surge, and will mainly occur in your neighborhood.  Time-flow should return to normal soon.
You will develop a severe craving for peanut butter cookies, today.  You know -- the fresh homemade kind, that you squish down on the cookie sheet with a fork, making a cross-hatched pattern?  They are incredibly yummy when they're still warm, like that, huh?  I don't know where your craving will come from.  Possibly something you read.
Today you will uncover astonishing proof that the dinosaurs died out due to a retrovirus contagion.  Furthermore, you will find evidence of a government cover-up of research that indicates the same thing is likely to happen to humans.  Don't worry, though.
You will be sucked into a multi-level marketing organization today, and will lose all your friends, along with your self-respect.  Later, though, you'll realize that your new friends are much better than those <i>old</i> friends, and that you feel like you're part of a big "family." Or at least, that's what you'll say.
Good day to buy lava lamps at garage sales.  Once in a life-time opportunity.  Also, if you happen to spot a white 100% polyester leisure suit with bell-bottom pants and a really large lapel, buy it on the spot.  I know *I* would love to have one.
Your relatives may try to have you committed, today.  Luckily, through a series of amusing misadventures, they will fail.  You and your large invisible friend will simply shrug it off, of course, since it's not in your disposition to hold a grudge.
You will discover that you can raise one eyebrow by itself, but not the other.  This will aggravate you, and you'll spend the majority of the day in front of the bathroom mirror, trying to correct the situation.
I see you making a special trip to the store today, to get something.  It's in a sort of yellow-ish little box, about the size of a toothpaste box, I think.  It's "prep-something"?  Ah!  "Preparation"-something, I think.  Oh.  Ahem.  Anyway, if it's any consolation, I hear that Jet Fighter pilots have that problem much worse than most people.  All that acceleration, you know.  Don't worry -- your secret is safe with me!
Stay home today, with the curtains drawn and the door locked.  Trust me on this one.
A man with a large machine will enter your house, and make you totally miserable.
Today you will realize that it's impossible to truly "control" anything, even yourself, and that the best you can hope for is to have some "influence" over yourself and your surroundings.  This will make you feel better, before the pink slip arrives.
You will tell a total stranger that you're "sick and tired of salad", today.  The stranger will recoil in shock and horror.
Nobody will notice your new haircut, which you will find intensely irritating.  It's not as if you <i>always</i> had an irridescent green mohawk, you know?
You will feel tired and run-down today.  This may possibly be because of the marathon you ran yesterday, and the taxi that ran into you near the finish line.  Just a guess.
Good day to review what you know about hamsters.  I think that's all I should really say, except possibly that it's often considered impolite to see how much food you can pack into your cheeks, when dining out.
You will be accosted today by several of those people who think only of themselves, and who believe that "sharing" is something that little kids have to do.  Despite this, I recommend against turning them over your knee and spanking them -- unless you think you can get away with it.
You will lurk, today.  There's nothing that wrong with lurking, after all, and it's occasionally somewhat refreshing.  In fact, you'll soon begin work on <i>How To Lurk</i>, a best-selling self-help book on the topic.
Good day to defy convention.  Be yourself.  Buy a fedora, for example, and wear it indoors.
Yogurt day today.  Did you know that some "natural remedies" books recommend squishing yogurt (the kind with active cultures) in your hair, to relieve dandruff?  You should give it a try.
You will sneak out tonight, with a box of navel oranges under your arm, and grinning an evil toothy grin.  When you wake up tomorrow, you will remember nothing about it.  That's just the way these things work.
You will be strangely drawn to an odd glass sculpture in an antique shop.  The proprietor will show it to you with some hesitation, and will be visibly perspiring when you buy it.  You'll hear an almost anguished sigh of relief from him, as you leave with it.
In a surprising twist, the failure of another large London-based bank will be blamed on you, today.  C'est la vie, non?
Musical inspiration will strike you today, and you'll invent some sort of new instrument that looks like a Hoover vacuum bag with a few bits of odd plumbing sticking out of it.  The good thing is, the instrument will rivet people's attention to such a degree that you can indulge your tendency towards cross-dressing without anyone noticing!
You will finally find your spirit guide today, and your life will take on new meaning.  Unfortunately for you, your spirit guide will turn out to have a sense of humor.
Nobody will understand you today, and it will be impossible to get the simplest idea across.  For example, even such a basic concept as "please untie me and take this gag out of my mouth" will only cause people to stare at you in confusion.
Once you're <i>that</i> far behind, there's really no way to get caught up.  You might as well do something fun instead.  You can tell them I told you it was ok.
After years of study in higher mathematics, and a fiendishly complicated topological proof, you will finally be able to prove that half a loaf is exactly 7.412 times better than no bread.
Your plans for a do-it-yourself replica medieval catapult will arrive today!  Soon, your neighbors will become nervous (but you can explain that their fears are groundless -- you couldn't possibly hit anything that close with it).
You will go on a potato binge today.  Baked, fried, scalloped, stuffed, mashed, whipped, and hash-browned.  Just stay away from the tater tots, for your own good.
You will casually mention the German term for "exit ramp", and bring a conversation to a rapid close.  That's hardly <i>your</i> fault, though, is it?
You will rest peacefully, and sink into a strange dream.  In the dream, you will be playing an odd version of soccer with huge clear balloons, and people will be cheering you on from the sidelines, who are dressed in white formal attire.  Don't go into the light, ok?  The extra point isn't worth it.
Good day to appreciate the beauty and wonder of life, and to see how far you can spit.  Other people may find that incongrous, but you'll see the inner truth, and it will set you free.
Go find something flat, and scribble on it.  People have been doing that for tens of thousands of years, and it's mostly been ok.
Today is the second-to-last day, of the 19th segment of your life.  Time to learn to appreciate tofu (bean curd).
Ooh!  Oh.  I should have warned you.  I'm sorry.
Boisterous day, today.  Try not to be much more irritating than is absolutely necessary.
Today you will break all the resolutions you made yesterday, and you will grin.
You will get together with several friends, and start an extremely exclusive club.  Mostly, this will just be so you can have your own secret handshake, of course.
Good day to excavate.  You will find the ruins of an ancient civilization, and become famous.
Good day to learn a new trick for dealing with people who come by your home to try to sell you something.  Open the door v..e..r..y slowly, and squint at them.  Then resume sharpening a large kitchen knife, while they are talking at you.
Today you will decide to have a bit of illicit fun, and will slip bits of dry pasta into other people's pockets, shoes, etc., when they're not looking.  My advice: don't get caught.
You will become unwittingly embroiled in a turf war between rival Chinese restaurants, today, as you step off the sidewalk to avoid a person wearing an extremely large hat.  Before the day is over, you'll find yourself angrily hurling potstickers at people you've never met.
Today is the day you will discover your larger cosmic destiny!  A television infomercial and an 800 number are somehow involved.
You'll have a freakish number of plumbing difficulties, today.  This is due in part to the age of your plumbing fixtures, but mostly it's because <i>Neckna, Queen of the Undines</i>, has taken a strong dislike towards you, due to some rather harsh words you've had to say about the weather lately.
The mythic asteroid Chaeron, in collaboration with the uneasy spirit of Atahualpa (the last Inca king), will act to produce a gastric upset of epic proportions, today.  Keep your chakras clear, and carry some Immodium.
You will begin an evil project, in secret.  You will be successful.  Although <i>why</i> you want to produce a cross between a St.  Bernard and a chihuahua is anybody's guess.
Today you will bolt up from your bed, grinning like a maniac, and shout "labor omnia vincit!" (the motto of Oklahoma) in ringing heroic tones.  This could be the start of something interesting...
Good day to discuss zoospores (motile usually naked and flagellated asexual spores, especially of an alga or lower fungus) with casual aquaintances.
You will decide to take up juggling, today, and will become exceedingly good at it.  Eventually, you'll start an offbeat new religion, and proclaim that Supreme Truth will be revealed to those who juggle.
You will find an alien artifact behind the cushion in the sofa.  Point the pointy end <i>away</i> from you, if you push the little bumpy thing.  Personally, I'd just leave it alone.
You will combine a therapeutic technique based on rapid eye movement with yoga postures, creating something that looks <i>so</i> silly, passers by will actually fall over laughing.
Ah ha!  You will <i>finally</i> have an opportunity to use the word "plumbaginous" in casual conversation today!  You will be discussing either bicycles or aircraft, at the time.
You will design a really wonderful new type of placemat, today, and it will make you fantastically wealthy, providing you get it on the market before your competitors.
Today you will have a lot of trouble with non sequiturs.  Pizza doesn't have to have cheese, you know.
You will be chased through the streets tonight by a group of wild-eyed short people wearing togas and playing kazoos.  Be careful -- they may have escaped from a birthday party, and should be considered armed and dangerous.
You would be ill-advised to try to shoot kidney beans out your nose, today.  (Yes, I know you were thinking of it.)
You will be intensely jealous of a rival today.  Finally, you will realise that it isn't doing you any good to be jealous, so you'll switch over to envy.
Through a casual remark in an elevator, you will realise that both you and your fellow passenger have seen John Cleese's informational film called <i>How To Irritate People</i>.  By the time you reach the 10th floor, you will both be severely vexed with one another.
You will invent a new sort of optical illusion today, involving 6 straight lines, an assortment of blobs, and a picture of an iguana.  Everyone will gasp in amazement.
Hug day, today.  Various people you know will come up and give you a hug, for no apparent reason.  You will find this moderatly embarrassing.
Excellent day to tell everyone you know that a "horsepower" is a unit of power equal to 746 watts in the U.S., but which is not quite equivalent to the English horsepower, which is 550 foot-pounds of work per second.  Once their eyes glaze over, you can borrow money from them without them even fully realizing it.
Your incisors will seem to be getting longer today, and you will find sunlight hurts your eyes.  Probably just a cold, and nothing to worry about.
In one of those amusing mix-ups that happen so frequently in modern life, a friend of yours will have mistaken your reference to "her suit" and thought you said "hirsute." Still, this may prove a little awkward.
Although you will attempt to thwart your obsession (tying things up with twine) by avoiding twine for the entire day today, it will continue to plague your thoughts.  In other words, you will not knot for naught.
Crisply salute everyone you meet today.  They'll all be startled into saluting back, and then they'll feel like idiots.  You should then smile charmingly at them, and saunter off.
Today you will receive an odd postcard from a long lost relative in Peru.  He will invite you to come explore an ancient Incan ruin which he has discovered.  Try not to be too impulsive -- a better offer will soon arrive from a an old highschool friend who is hiding out in a Burmese monastery.
Another excellent day to whittle.
Good day to get lots of water in plastic bottles, and shore up your other earthquake preparations.  Nothing to worry about, I'm sure.  Well, actually, maybe just a <i>little</i> to worry about.
Excellent day to dig a very big hole.  If you pile the dirt up around the sides, and make huge "paw prints" around it, you can have some fun by phoning a TV station and telling them about the gigantic gopher you saw.
Beware of partaking in Zoroastrian rituals, today.  Particularly if you're not entirely certain what's involved.
High winds today.  Good day to try out your new cement kite!
You will find solace, and it won't look at all like you expected.
Huge mutant gnats will pester you today.  Or at least, that's what it will seem like -- sometimes managers bear a striking resemblance...
Today you will learn how to tell the difference between an octopus and a cuttlefish.  Aside, that is, from the octopus' greater problem solving capability.
Someone you know will drone on and on about various tentacled sea creatures today.  The best thing to do is to pretend you have one of those vibrating pagers in your pocket, and say "oh!  that must be the call I've been waiting for", and dash off.
Today you will find yourself wondering why a shampoo that "tingles" would be better at preventing dandruff than one which doesn't.  It's that sort of intellectual undertaking which has earned you your well-deserved reputation.
Someone nearby will make disgusting slurping sounds in your favorite restaurant.  You'll retaliate by glaring pointedly, and by eating your linguini with your fingers.
A man will be passing by when you suddenly recall a hilarious Monty Python skit, and you'll burst out laughing.  Later, you'll notice him anxiously looking at himself in a mirror.
You will read an oevre in a new genre.  Actually, it will be an <i> X-Men</i>(tm) comic book, but you've never been one of those stuffy people who are unwilling to try new things.
Someone you've never met will come up and nudge you today.  You don't have to stand for that, though, and you should just nudge them right back.
This is an <i>excellent</i> day to dare.  Dare to eat a peach.  Dare to wear your trousers rolled, and walk along the beach.  Dare to be different.  That sort of thing.
Excellent day to crouch behind furniture, and peer over the top.  If you can do that while wearing one of those Groucho Marx noses, so much the better.
Today you will have a sudden and brilliant idea for how to eliminate the U.S.  federal deficit.  "Let's all just pretend there <i>isn't one</i>!", you'll say.
Good day to examine your cuticles.  If you do that studiously enough, I'm quite sure nobody will realize you're not paying any attention.
You will be in an extremely stuffy meeting today, which will seem to last forever.  You will be able to liven things up a smidge by putting a few small feathers in your hand, and then "coughing" them out.
Good day to remember your kinship with all living things.  Except perhaps mildew.  There's no point in remembering your kinship with mildew, at least not today.
Today you will wake up in somebody else's body.  The strangest thing about the transition will be that you'll have all the memories from the new body, and none of your own from before.  Despite that, you will be somehow quite certain that you've "traded down."
Good day to burst into song.  Nothing too fancy, mind you -- no arias.  The theme song from "The Beverly Hillbillies" will do nicely.  Why not see how many people you can get to sing along?
A Ph.D.  degree in parapsychology is in your future.  Despite what you may have heard, however, the corresponding career path is not terribly rewarding.  You <i>will</i> get to see a lot of furniture move by itself, of course, so that's a plus.
You will be plagued by theological doubts today, and will flirt with the idea of changing your religion.  Subconsciously, this is because you're envious of the really cool hats some of the people in other religions get to wear.
Good day to sleep in.  A nap would work well today, too.  Try to get to bed early.  Aside from that, nothing too exciting today.
Today is the day you've been waiting for.  Go around to everyone you know, and tell them you're terribly sorry.  Give them a firm handclasp, and walk briskly away, with no further explanation.  Tomorrow, deny ever doing such a thing, and question their sanity.  If you keep people on their toes, they will have a richer, fuller life.  That's thanks enough, I should think, for your efforts.
A moth the size of a Boeing 747 will erupt from a nearby hillside today, and go off to help a huge semi-aquatic rubbery dinosaur fight off an alien attack.  So what are <i>you</i> doing to help?
Good day to skip.  In fact, skipping is good exercise, and I'm certain that if you just get a few friends to go along with you, you can start a cultural movement of just as much importance as running and walking.  The main problem, of course, is to figure out what sort of "skipping" shoe Nike is going to come out with.
Tomorrow when you wake up, many small objects on the carpet will bring you to the alarming conclusion that you have a live rabbit in the house.  Search though you may, however, you will be completely unable to find hide nor hare of it...
Vlad The Impaler continues to come up in casual conversation.  You might want to consider wearing a silver cross, despite your theological leanings.
Today you will read a bit of Shakespeare, and just before you fall asleep, you will think: "A duck, by any other name, would smell as foul." Never mix Shakespeare and chocolate icecream.  The results can be a trifle unpredictable.
Today you will put your foot down, regarding your turn at dinner preparation versus dining out.  In other words, "if you ain't broke, don't fix it."
Everyone around you will develop a strange fascination with Vlad The Impaler.  This could be bad news.
A person wearing a bandana on his head and brandishing a cutlass will dash by you today, saying something that sounds a bit like "Arrrr."
Your cat will go thundering past you on the linoleum, but will miss the doorway by an inch or so.  You will hear an odd "ping!" sound as her head hits the doorjamb.  No harm will be done.
Today old Beatles songs will be playing everywhere you go.  Eventually this will make you twist and shout, until you work it all out.
Good day to learn to do more with your toes.  Start off by tying knots with them, and who knows?  You could end up being able to accompany yourself on the piano!
Be nice to your coworkers today.  Cow orkers have a darned tough job, so it's good to make them feel special once in a while.
Excellent day to whistle off key.  Random starts and stops are also good.
Do not snitch a jelly donut today, when nobody is looking.  The chocolate frosted one is <i>much</i> better.
Today you will take comfort in the thought that Jesus loves you, particularly since nobody else likes you very much.
Potato awareness day, today.  Potatoes have had a tremendous influence on society, since their introduction into Western culture.  Just think, for instance, of their effect on Dan Quayle's career!
You will make several somewhat inadviseable impulse purchases today.  Fortunately, you will be able to return all of them, except for the Hormel "100 Years Of SPAM!" decorative wallclock.
Someone will attempt to get you to stay in one place today, by telling you that you are surrounded by 100 black poisonous snakes (which are invisible).  You will make a daring escape, despite the risk involved.
Good day to put a few kumquats, some of those teensy little ears of corn, and a few brussels sprouts in a tiny little bowl, and leave it on someone's doorstep with a tiny little note reading "Dear Big People...."
Today is a good day to exercise that special magic you have, of making people smile.  Try telling everyone "smile when you say that, buster", for example.
Today you will make a bold fashion statement, which will eventually become a trend and sweep the nation.  "Executive Grunge", you'll call it.
Today you will discover that you can amuse your friends by pretending that your hand is a tsetse fly, and "walking" it along the table.  Your friends are easily amused, as it turns out.
Most people are aware that it's supposed to be good luck to toss a pinch of salt over your left shoulder.  Today you will discover that it's even better luck to toss a carton of yogurt over your right shoulder.
Fungus day today.  Interestingly, you will discover that in order to engage in mycological research, you need go no further than your toes...
You will be hit on the head by a carton of yogurt today, which will not strike you as being the least bit funny at the time.  Later, of course, you'll all have a good laugh about it.
Today someone sitting near you will make repeated nasal sounds that will eventually drive you screaming from the room.  Try to avoid attacking them with a box of kleenex upon re-entering the room.
Good day to begin that toothpick sculpture you've been thinking of.  Of course, where you're actually going to <i>put</i> a life-sized toothpick sculpture of a rhinocerous is another matter.
Today you will realize that it seems quite impossible to make any sense out of life, especially when you consider what life must be like in Nebraska.
You will pass a sign that says "invorp" today.  Fortunately, you will remember enough Dutch to know that it means "put your fingers in your ears and wiggle them." They are a silly people, the Dutch.
Small fluffy animals will come over and lean on you, today.  It's just their way of showing their appreciation, and of telling you that you are furniture.
Good day to work on your catapult.  You never know when it could come in handy.  Besides, it's good to worry your neighbors a bit -- keeps them civil.
Fortune will smile upon you today!  That's what it does when it's just thought up a real corker.
Today you will have a sudden, somewhat irrational desire to drive to Camden, New Jersey, and visit the Soup Tureen Museum.  Fortunately, you will restrain yourself.
Extremely poor day to use obscure euphemisms or medical metaphors.  In particular, avoid "kajoobies" or "shvontz" like the plague.
Excellent day to go half-barefoot.  (One shoe only.) Answer no questions about it, though.  Just say "I prefer not to talk about it."
Try to work the words "happenstance" and "ineffable" into your conversation today.  It turns out that most people believe any sentence that has the word "ineffable" in it.  Such as that one.
Beware of midget bookies, today.  It's ok to get one of those tiny little poetry books, though, if you feel you really must.
You will receive a painful bonk on the head, today, while riding the bus downtown.  It's your own fault, though, for sitting in front of that trombone player.
A brilliant idea for a new hand tool will strike you today, but it will be years too late.  People these days are much less likely to buy an "M.C.  Hammer" than they would have been a few years ago.  If you're really intent on being an inventor, you should come up with a "drum roll", which you can sell to Pillsbury.  Ta dah dum.
Today you will seek out new life, and new civilizations.  You won't find any, of course, but you will discover a really excellent Chinese restaurant in the process.
You will have a grilled cheese sandwich today, and a bowl of tomato soup.  When nobody is looking you will secretly dunk your sandwich.
You will invent a method of making icosahedral ice cubes, today, which everyone will think are really cool.
A man dressed like a giant shrimp will roar past you in an experimental hovercraft, today.  (Again.)
Beware of poltergeists, today.
On a pre-arranged signal, you and 3 cohorts will start talking complete gibberish today, leaving the 5th person in your meeting entirely baffled.  Act as if <i>he's</i> behaving strangely, and look concerned.
Poit twoonie squaggle?  Floon morble tid bubbu taha, hen?  Hen?
You will declare war on drugs, today, and will glare menacingly at your pharmacist.
You will be driven into a panic today by the thought that you will live to see music by Oingo Boingo referred to as "classic" rock.  Believe me, that's not nearly as strange as clothing trends will be, such as the "big elbow" look.
Better have that spot checked out by a doctor.  Sure it may <i>look</i> benign, but sometimes those carpet stains can spread.
Beware of unwarranted electrical assumptions today.  On the other hand, a shower of sparks and a bit of ozone can be fairly exciting...
Good day to hold hands.  If you don't currently have a spouse or girlfriend/boyfriend, you can probably find a fake "severed hand" at a magic supplies store.  That might be a good thing to pick up in any case?  You never know when it might come in handy.
Good day to have some fun with fake fur and spirit gum.  Now you can see what chest hair would really be like, or go for the "Madonna" look.  Or you can simply opt for hairy palms -- that's always fun.
Today someone will accuse you of spending too much time with your computer.  The way to handle that is to say you've got "lots of work to do." (And don't let them spot you fondly caressing it.)
Excellent day to visit a bookstore.  Try to find a book named "Make Money With Your Own Worm Farm." You don't need to read it, but it'll be fun to leave around where people will notice it.
You will have a nightmare tonight, in which you find yourself dangling from the ceiling, while brightly colored paper mach&eacute; animals with glowing eyes file into the room.  One of them will be carrying a stick.  Perhaps you shouldn't eat so much candy before going to bed?
You will have more psychotronic energy today than usual.  I recommend that you direct it towards the fridge.  There's something <i>alive</i> in there.
Excellent day to devour fruit, while making snarling sounds and glaring at persons nearby.  Next, tear the heads off the carnations and stuff them partway up your nose, and make strange wuffling sounds while vigorously wiggling your eyebrows.  Or don't, if you're going to be stuffy.  It's your life.
You will snidely snicker at someone today.  That's not going to make you many friends, you know.  Instead, you should cheerfully chuckle.
You will answer the phone today by shouting "You bloated sack of protoplasm!." Unfortunately, it's not your friend calling.  It's your mother.
Good day to sip tea.  Remember to extend your pinkie!
Today you will be watched by cats.  It's nothing really worth worrying about, I'm sure.  Did you know that you've started making little unconscious "squeaks" when you're concentrating on something?
While idly doodling on a notepad, today, you will accidentally draw a symbol sacred to an ancient voodoo deity, and will open a gap into part of the astral plane that is even <i>less appealing</i> than Akron, Ohio.
Good day to make sure you are prepared for a big earthquake.  Get bottled water, a first-aid kit, canned food, flashlights, transistor radio, sturdy hiking boots, and a feather boa.
You will take a wrong turn, today, and become hopelessly lost.  Eventually you will start a new life in Minnesota, along with all the other people who have little sense of direction.  It'll be ok, providing you like tuna casserole.
Excellent day to study entomology -- particularly the order <i>hymenoptera</i>.  Be prepared to leap about, howling and whacking your trouser legs.
Today you will happen upon a prediction by Nostradamus which will scare the living daylights out of you.  As well it should, although how a medieval seer foresaw your exact name is anybody's guess.
You will be conducting naval maneuvers in the bathtub today, when you will have an unfortunate accident involving your toy submarine.  The visit to the emergency room will be <i>most</i> embarrasing.
You will be walking along today when you overhear someone making a snide remark about you, drawing an unflattering comparison between your personality, and landfill.  A snappy reply will occur to you, sometime late next week.
Good day to introduce a bit of randomness into your life.  Try getting dressed in the dark, for example (it's what I do).
You will have an enormously exciting day, today, compared to your usual day.  You will find the prize in the cereal box.
You will have a dream tonight, in which you are standing on the shore of an inky black river in grey twilight.  An old man wearing a black cloak will appear, poling a rickety old boat up to you.  He will demand payment to ferry you across, but it will turn out he doesn't accept <i>American Express</i>.
Today you will exercise self-discipline.  It's about time, too!  Your self-discipline was starting to get somewhat portly.
Go wild today!  Try a different brand of ramen noodles -- or even go so far as to sprinkle a little chopped green onion over them!
Bad hair day today.  In fact, it's quite likely that your hair will actually be arrested.
Excellent day for standing barefoot on the lawn and wiggling your toes.  Under <i>no</i> circumstance should you stand barefoot on the lawn and wiggle your nose.  It simply isn't done.
.syas enoyna gniht elgnis a dnatsrednu ot elba eb t'now uoy yadot, ylddO
Today you will have to take someone aside and gently explain that a "briefcase" is not actually for undergarments.  Remember: you probably made a few silly mistakes yourself, when you were just starting out.
You will realize, today, that there's more than just good manners to the statement: "never yodel with your mouth full."
When's the last time you did something nice for Doug?  Sure, he's cranky a lot, and dresses funny, but he's a good person.  Perhaps you should take him to lunch?
Today you will invent a new type of automated squid sorter, for use by professional squid fishermen.  You will call it the Squid Pro Quo.  That will be a mistake.
Remember to bring your entrenching tool with you today.  You'll need it.  (You know...for the marketing meeting.)
Good day to start saving up for that electron microscope you've always wanted.  I hear Sears will be having a big sale on them this fall.
Time for an excursion!  Remember to pack some sandwiches, and carry a large ball of twine (it's easy to get lost in the city -- the twine should help).
You will spend the day discussing whether the main problems in the world are due to ignorance or apathy.  Personally, I don't know and I don't care.
You will hear a mysterious "whapping" sound as you are passing by a church today.  Curiosity will get the better of you, and you will peek inside.  To your relief you will discover it's only the nuns, playing a quick game of dodge-ball.
Good day to begin writing that book you've been planning -- "Growing Radishes Indoors." It's an idea whose time has come.
Good day to act sneaky.  Try glancing sidelong at people, or standing just out of sight.
Today you will discover the original version of the nursery rhyme: "Hey diddle diddle, the cat and the fiddle, the cow jumped over the moon.  The little dog laughed to see such fun, because he was mentally impaired."
If you act now, you could be the first on your block to have an actual moat and a working drawbridge.  Something to consider.
Good day to hide an iguana in someone's satchel.  They will not be expecting that, so everyone will get a good chuckle out of it.
Excellent day to blow soap bubbles in unusual places.  See if you can get them to drift by people who are thinking too hard.
You will believe a completely rediculous hoax about a computer virus today, and everyone will tease you mercilessly.
Someone will dash up to you today, say "meep meep!  bthpblthpblthp!", and then dash off.  At least now you'll know how to spell it.
You'll be feeling tired and discouraged today, but will be able to raise your spirits by pretending to be a cartoon character.  ACME products may be featured, as well.
Today you will discover an ancient stone tablet on which mystic runes are carved.  Oddly, when you find someone to translate them from Old Norse, it will turn out to be a collection of moose jokes.
Good day to make a face like a rodent, and hold your paws up in front of your chest.  When someone asks what you are doing, chitter at them and scurry away.
To your vast embarrassment, you will be unable to describe the differences between halibut, sole, and flounder.  It's easy to remember, though -- they are (in order) "big", "small", and "clumsy."
You are about to burn the roof of your mouth on pizza.  It won't be the first time, either.
Beware of being cautious, today.
Today you will watch something like a hawk.  Basically, you do that by having unblinking beady little eyes, and a brain the size of a peanut.
Today you will find a bumper sticker that truly defines your sentiments.  It will say "Buy More Socks!."
Today you will lose all self-control.  You'll find it again tomorrow, though -- it just rolled under the couch.
Terrific day to saunter.  Don't let it turn into a mosey, though.
Beware of Poles.  Particularly dark-haired women of Polish extraction.  Due to an oddity of genetic significance, they will all be intensely silly for a few weeks.
In the grocery store, you will see quite a few people with infants in their shopping carts.  Try though you might, however, you will not be able to find the bin with the children.  Perhaps they're sold out?  <i>Important Safety Tip</i>: do <b>not</b> stop one of the women with an infant and ask her to show you where her baby came from.
Good day to make a nice pot of gruel.  Isn't it strange, how difficult it is these days to find gruel on the menu at restaurants?  Perhaps you should start your own restaurant (e.g.  <i>The Gruel Pot</i>) to rectify that situation.
The mountain will be happy to come to Mohammed, but Mohammed should be prepared for a brief (in geologic terms) delay.
Today you will attempt to capitalize on the success of SPAM by inventing SPEEF.  Unfortunately, you would have been much better off trying to make SPICKEN, instead.
You are having a serious problem.  Your only hope at this point is to consult a reputable florist.  You will find them in the Yellow Pages, under "Florists, Reputable."
Today you will stumble across conclusive proof that cilantro is actually the main ingredient in detergents and soaps, and that its culinary use started as a joke -- it's just that most people are too shy to admit that they'd rather spray Lysol on their burrito than put cilantro on it.
You will discover a large black obelisk out on the lawn today, which obviously weighs several tons.  You will be amazed at the effort some people put into a practical joke.
Today you will go into the prosthetic forehead business, having heard that everyone wants a prosthetic forehead to wear on their real forehead.  It would be a good idea to do your own market research, in this case, before sinking all your savings in this venture.
Excellent day to refer to everyone as "Doctor." This will make them grin, and they'll forget all about that favor they were going to ask of you.
Someone named "Bob" is plotting to whap you with a calla lilly.  If you carry long-stemmed carnations around with you today, you will be able to retaliate swiftly and effectively.
Everyone around you will act silly, today -- whapping each other with floral matter, calling each other "Doctor", and doing Bantu war dances in the hallway.  The most likely explanation is that there's a nitrous oxide leak somewhere.
You will give your lawyer a retainer today, which will only irritate her.  She will patiently explain that that isn't the sort of retainer she'd meant.
You will send away for the pamphlet titled "The Manly Art Of Knitting", today, but sadly, it will be out of print.  You should check with a rare books merchant.
Good day to be callously indifferent to the plight of the masses.  You have larger things on your mind than whether the peasants are happy.  Oui?
You will wake with a start tonight, and hear a sound like that of a whole herd of capybara snuffling around in your closet.  Fortunately, when you switch on the light, that will turn out to be all it is.
As you are walking along, you will notice someone leaning back in a chair.  You should stop and insist that they bring their seatback to a full upright and locked position until the captain has turned off a sign.
This will be a day filled with tragically many sneezes.  At least it'll be a good opportunity to learn how to sneeze "cute."
Excellent day to play the William Tell Overture really loud, and leap around flailing your arms.  Try not to knock over the lamp.
As a joke today, you will get an alarmed expression on your face, crouch on someone's carpet, and start making disgusting "huck, huck!" sounds.  The joke's on you, though, since they will insist that you eat some hairball remedy.
It will seem a great shame to you today, that your little finger has a cute name -- "pinky" -- but none of your other fingers do.  That's the sort of thing that very few people besides you really spend much time pondering.  They have such limited minds, don't they?
Today you will finally get around to exercising!  Your cat will look at you like you've gone completely whacky.  Don't be intimidated, though -- at least <i>you</i> never get distracted and forget that you're holding your leg up behind your head.
Go nowhere without a flotation device, for a few days.  You never know.
Oddly, despite the impression you gained from a television commercial, your new soap will not inspire unusual levels of grinning in the shower.
People around you are starting to look a bit complacent.  Good day to adopt a haunted expression and carry a large ball of aluminum foil.
Beware of clams, today.
You will build a better mousetrap, but nobody will beat a path to your door.  Several people will beat a path to your refrigerator, though, and will make sandwiches.
Stop slouching, and sit up straight!  How do you expect to get ahead in the world if you pay no attention to proper posture?
You will need two torches, a sword, leather armor, and a significant amount of courage today.  And for heaven's sake, don't forget the twine.
Today you will become a card-carrying member of a new and very exclusive organization named "Yeomen of the Carbuncle", although you'll spend a lot of time at the first meeting debating whether it should actually be called "Yeopersons of the Carbuncle."
Today you will develop a type of rubber overshoe that looks like dinosaur's feet.  They will become wildly popular, after your appearance on the Letterman show.
As a joke, you will hold up a certain air freshener in a bank, today, and announce "this is a Stick Up!." Later, you'll have time to reflect upon the regrettable fact that law enforcement officials are sadly lacking in a sense of humor.
You will overhear people talking about you today, and realize that you have a reputation as a real stud hombre cyber-muffin.  You will find that intensely irritating.
That rash should clear up soon, Bob.  Oh stop worrying.  I won't tell anyone.
Today you will ignore the warning label on the mouthwash bottle, and will attempt to yodel while gargling.  That will be a mistake.
Good day to do a self-portrait.  Or, if you're in a hurry, you can do what I do, and just spray paint all over yourself and run into a large canvas.  Art is easier than you think!
You are being watched.  Act casual (i.e.  pretend you are wearing blue jeans and a t-shirt).
Today you will make the bold move from fidgeting to twiddling.  Just please be careful.
Unbeknownst to thee, thou art over-fond of archaic terms.  Prithee, wouldst thou kindly desist?
Today you will finally get to push the big red button!  The main question is now...what are you going to do with the rest of your life?  The answer, naturally, is "worm farming."
Today you will become stuck in a wicker chair.  This is what the British refer to as a "sticky wicker", as it is an unfortunately common occurrence in their climate.
Good day to snitch cookies when nobody's looking.
No news is not good news, today.  In fact, no news is at best mediocre news.
A very pale young woman weilding a broadsword will approach you today to ask if you'd like your carnations pruned.  Be nice and say yes.  Reincarnation is tough on some people.
Beware of slime creatures today.  There's one lurking in the fridge, pretending to be lettuce.
Someone will try to pass prawns off as shrimp, today, but you'll be far too clever for them.  If anyone knows their crustaceans, it's you.
Someone named Tyrone is about to sell you a vaccuum cleaner.  There's nothing much you can do about it, I'm afraid.
You will hear a strange flapping sound today.  Glancing outside, you will see a precision drill team marching by wearing scuba flippers and waving feather dusters.  Avoid eye contact.  Stay indoors.
Excellent day to be boisterous.  Avoid obstreperousness, however.
Today you will discover a really cool technique of whistling through your nose.  Oddly, nobody will be terribly enthusiastic about your new talent.
Not only is this a good day to throw a tantrum, but there's a good chance that you might set a new distance record!
You will be in a somewhat ornery mood when you go out to an Italian restaurant tonight.  You will <i>insist</i> on chopsticks.
Job interview today, eh?  Good show!  Eat a bunch of oreos just before, and smile a lot.  They'll spend their time staring at your teeth, that way.  (Not at your resume.)
Flour tortilla day, today.  You know what I mean.
Good day to take up Rap music as a career.  Either that or plumbing.  (Most people are strangely unaware of the similarities.)
Today you will discover a strange-looking thing in your underwear drawer.  Best not to tell anyone.
At this point you have two choices: you can either get a haircut, or dye your hair white and black and pretend to be an old english sheepdog.  The latter is usually more fun, but slightly less practical.
Today you will get very dirty.  Actually, though, it will be rather fun.
Good day for political intrigue and underhanded sneakiness.  Try to wear something appropriate to the occasion.
After spending days learning to simultaneously pat your head and rub your tummy, you will move on today to patting your head and rubbing someone else's tummy.
A careless delivery person will drop an entire case of pills when you are in a pharmacy, today.  Did you know that nitroglycerin is still used, sometimes, in the treatment of heart disease?
Beware of the Spanish Inquisition, today.  They may show up unexpectedly.
You will discover that you can see people's auras today, if you squint.  That should be done in moderation, however, as many people object to being squinted at.
Excellent day to walk around wearing a white lab coat and carrying a clipboard.
You will mortally offend a friend today when a hilarious joke pops unbidden into your mind during your friend's sad description of his problems.
Today you will banish fear.  It will stomp off in a huff.
You will be visited by missionaries today, and will finally have an excellent opportunity to slip into your demon costume before opening the door.
Dorothy Parker once said "if you can't say anything nice, come sit next to me." Today that will be strangely relevant to your own situation.
Today you must seek out the perfect noodle.  Also, according to a recently reversed decision by Miss Manners, it's now perfectly ok to slurp noodles.  (Or so I've been told.)
Excellent day to get involved in one or more conspiracies.  If you can hold secret meetings in darkened rooms, so much the better!
Big career move today!  Oddly, your decision will be somehow related to a pamphlet called "Goat Herding Made Easy."
Not an especially good day to do anything involving contact cement.  At least not if you have plans to go anywhere.
Good day to begin making a monster costume.  Be sure to make it nice and comfy, since you will discover that you actually enjoy lounging around in it.
You will receive an honor from a foreign dignitary today.  Everyone else will be horribly jealous of you.
Your friend will betray you today, and will hide from you under office furniture.  Hey, don't ask <i>me</i>.  I just see the future, I don't explain it.
This is going to be a fairly peculiar day, for you.  You'll end up taking a bus downtown.  Two neatly dressed but somewhat short and embittered women will push a cart up and down the aisle in the bus, dispensing packets of honey-roasted peanuts, and miniscule quantities of Diet Coke in plastic glasses.
You'll feel like you can't do anything right today.  Unfortunately, it turns out you're right...
This is a good day to bake.  Cinnamon rolls would be good.  Or perhaps some crusty bread.  If you follow my advice, you will make friends and influence people.  Otherwise a horrifying fate awaits you.  No pressure, though.  Do what you feel is right for you.
Good day to start learning the violin.  Interestingly, your neighbors will volunteer to pay for lessons.  It's selfless gestures like that which really help friendships blossom.
You'll get one of those pieces of toast today with a really big hole in it, and the jam will squish out the bottom.  That's it though, for today's excitement.
Today an ecologically-minded organic foods co-op will move into your home, while you're away.  You'll be smelling whole-wheat fig bars for months, even if you succeed in extricating them.  (Which is unlikely, in today's political climate.  They need <i>somewhere</i> to hide.  Have a heart.)
After today the following expression will no longer strike you as being in the least bit amusing: "Friends help friends move.  <i>Real</i> friends help friends move bodies."
Today you will find a note, folded into quarters, and torn from a steno pad.  Surprisingly, it will refer to you.  Even more surprisingly, it will refer to you as the object of adoration, someone whom the note's author wishes to engage in "snuggle bunnies" with.  Sadly, it will be impossible to determine who wrote it, and nothing will ever come of it.
Oh boy!  Today you will find some cool shoes that you'd forgotten all about, in the back of your closet.  Oddly, they no longer fit, and are <i>at least</i> 3 sizes too large.  This may worry you.
A man with a mystical yet somehow tortured expression will stop you on the street, today, and ask you for a name brand of prepared mustard.  If you carry a jar with you, and surprise him, you will make his life seem worthwhile.
Bad day to feed the Bengal tiger.  Let someone else do it, today.  Probably just an "off" batch of the Purina Tiger Chow, but why risk it?
Someone will ask you if you'd like some "fresh ground pepper" on your salad.  Personally (this may be just a "Ron" thing), I always say "yes" to people carrying a baseball bat, outside a playing field.
Today you'll have one of those baffling moments when you're sure you spelled a word correctly, but your spelling checker will still complain.  Ask someone nearby how they spell it.  They'll spell it the same way you do, much to your rolaids.
Say something completely ordinary, today, but follow it with "Get it?" and a big grin.  For example, "I'm wearing shoes.  Get it?" See who gets it.  Avoid them.
Today is the 1,750,000-year aniversary of the invention of hand tools!  (The original hand tool was the Oldovan Chopper, commonly made of chipped flint, and originally sold under the Sears Craftsman label.) Celebrate by getting out there and banging some rocks together!
Someone will drone on and on, today.  Try using psychic powers to make their underwear ride up.  Even if it doesn't work, your look of intense concentration may make them self-conscious.
Don't forget your towel, today.  I usually find I'm less likely to forget things, if I wrap them around my head.  Everyone has their own mnemonic tricks, though.
You will have a grilled cheese sandwich today, and a bowl of tomato soup.  When nobody is looking you will secretly dunk your sandwich.  You never tire of the wild life, do you?
Try to avoid calling anyone a "vacuous, coffee-nosed, malodorous pervert", today.  (That can be taken the wrong way, I've discovered.)
Be careful if you try to be funny, today.  Although you are normally reknowned for your dry wit, you may be a bit soggy, today.
A small packet containing 7 oddly-colored bean seeds will arrive in the mail today.  There will be no return address, nor any indication of what they are.  Only one way to find out...
Resist temptation, today.  You might have to get rough with it, or even wrestle it to the ground.
A swarm of rats will sneak up on you, and you will be suddenly engulfed in a squeaking, biting, torrent of rabid vermin.  <i>Oops!</i> No, ha ha, looks like I forgot about the influence of Venus, didn't I?  Sorry.  Hmmm.  Ok...actually, today you will have pizza.
You will spend another day surrounded by idiots, or perhaps by well meaning but simple folks, who will drone on and on until your smile becomes forced, and you will begin to look like a deranged rodent.
Today you will spend another entire day worried about your feet.  But honestly, most people don't notice these things.  On the other hand, most people don't spontaneously grow more toes, either.
You will find a strangely heavy small gold ring today, embedded in the center of an obviously volcanic rock.  There is some writing, in a script unlike any you've ever seen, running around the ring, although you can't really see it unless you heat it up in a fire...
A person of Irish descent will attempt to sell you something you don't especially want, today.  Strive to turn the conversation to <i>Tilapia</i> (a type of freshwater fish) -- you'll find it's his new hobby.
Today you will be suddenly struck by what a <i>genius</i> Norman Rockwell was, and how unappreciated (in the major art circles) he remains.  You will vow to do something about it.
Noodle day, today!  Have you tried some of those new "fresh" tomato-basil linguinies?  Of course not.  But today, you <i>will</i>!
Today you will become a digger.  Dig, dig, dig.  That's all you'll think of, for months.  You will discover an amazingly large diamond, about 27 feet down, and will be fabulously rich after that.  Not that you'll give <i>me</i> any credit, of course.  Ingrate!
Today you will be seized by inspiration, and shaken like a rat in the jaws of a terrier.  You will wax poetic, assuming that "poetic" is the name of your car.
If you've been wanting to become a religious leader, today is the day to get cracking on it.  Otherwise, probably an uneventful day.
You have exactly as much chance of having a decent day as you have of developing amazing telekinetic abilities that let you secretly give innocent passers-by a wedgie.  Stay home.  Breathe normally.
Today, everyone around you will make you severely annoyed.  The important thing is to remember that, in the long run, they're all dead.
Today you will conclusively prove that despite what most people regard as common knowledge, monkeys only rarely chase weasels around the mulberry bush.  They normally engage in that sort of thing over by the petunias.
You will spend today in a state of mild anxiety.  Probably Ohio.
Another day of social convention defiance, today.  You may even go so far as to send a letter to Miss Manners, which begins: "Uh, Yo:" (Well, that's how Sylvester Stallone starts all his correspondence, right?)
Good day to begin that toothpick sculpture you've been thinking of.  You'll be the only private individual (aside from Martha Stewart) who orders toothpicks by the case.  Martha goes through several boxes just sticking breakfast together, I hear.
Excellent day to act childish.  For example, when's the last time you ordered a drink with a straw, and blew bubbles in it?  Or you could pout, if you want.  (Be sure to go for good lip extension, though).
A person named "Elmo" will call you repeatedly, and will refuse to believe that he's dialed a wrong number.
Not an especially good day to play with crossbows, guns, machetes, flame throwers, mortars, heavy artillery, knives, ninja throwing stars, spears, maces, or nuclear weaponry.  At least not all at once.  Why not go out and putter about in the garden?
Beware of cats, today.  (Particularly black and white cats who sit next to you and pretend to be innocent.  Those are the worst kind.)
Today one or more close relations will pout.  You will stoicly endure this, and will steadfastly refuse to relinquish control of the remote control.
You will have a completely boring, uneventful day.  Then you'll go home, eat the same thing you always eat, watch a re-run, and go to bed.  Then you'll be abducted by aliens, who will tease you.
Remember: One tiddles one's winks, not vice versa.  Winking one's tiddles would be crude, and is illegal in some states.
Good day to let yourself go.  Just be back by 10, OK?
You will discover you have a certain flair for copywriting, and will pick up a little extra spending money by doing window signs for stores, such as "Going Out Of Business.  Waaaah!"
People will tease you about wearing your golf shoes indoors.  Don't you mind them, though -- they're undoubtedly just jealous.
Excellent day to come up with new theories to explain the universe around you.  Remember: the simplest explanation is usually the best.  For example, most physicists today subscribe to the "Big Band" theory of the creation of the universe.  I have an alternate theory that I prefer, which I call "Tuba Ensemble."
Try not to be too impulsive, today.  Ask youself if you really need that howitzer, or if you just think it'd be fun to have.
Today you will discover a little book called "1001 Names For Your Pet." You should probably name your next pet either "Pope John Paul" or "No Clothes On." That way you can say things like "Pope John Paul peed on the rug, again" or "I'm going for a walk with No Clothes On."
You've heard that when economists use the word "nice", they're actually saying that something is homoscedastic and nonautoregressive.  Today you will find out what they mean when they say something is "like, totally kewl."
Today you will rush around in a tizzy.  It will be sort of fun, actually, since the tizzy handles well, and has more than enough power to make an exciting ride.
You'll feel a little tired and run down, today.  Just a hunch, but that could explain those tire tracks on your shirt, as well...
As Buckaroo Banzai said, "No matter where you go, there you are." Oddly, this will not be entirely the case for you, today.
Someone will stop you today, to ask directions.  Tell them to take the second star to the right, and go straight on till morning.  (I personally never ask for directions, since I find it's always much more effective to find someone who looks like they know where they're going, and follow them.  I also always tell people that my name is "Svlad." It's something to do.)
The phrase "return your tray tables to the upright and locked position" will cycle endlessly through your mind, today.  It's not serious.  (But you should probably consider cutting down on the honey-roasted peanuts.)
Today you will begin a new hobby: collecting spores, molds, and fungus.  You will find it richly rewarding, in a spiritual sense.
Let a smile be your umbrella, today.  Tomorrow: letting a grimace be a pair of hip-waders.
This will be "one of those days", I'm afraid.  The person next to you on the bus will have taken one of those nitroglycerin capsules for his heart condition, and will be bending over to pick up a newspaper, just as the bus hits a big pothole...
You will get one of those pre-mixed salads in a new high-tech bag that "breathes." Or, in this case, wheezes.
Someone will ask you how you are, today, for the millionth time, and you know they actually couldn't care less.  I've found that the best reply in this case is usually "Did you know that there's a spider on your neck?"
Today you will join the political action group "Whiners For Peace", and will call up your senator's office and whine at them.  Don't forget to sign up for the big "Pout Out" next month!
Beware of lightning, today!  Either stay indoors, or leave your aluminum foil hat behind.  (I know, I know.  It's hard.  But I've learned to live without mine, most of the time.)
You will get through the day without too much trouble today.  It would go even more smoothly, however, if you had bought that laser cannon when you had the chance.
Happy Frog Day!!  Let's hear it for our little amphibious friends!
Good day to let sleeping dogs lie.  After all, the poor things seem to be completely exhausted, most of the time.  My dog, Maggie, is asleep right now (after a good night's sleep, and a nice morning nap, followed by a good snooze).  It's a tough life, but someone's got to do it.
Today you will have the eerie sensation that either you are going crazy or you are being watched by something indescribably evil.  Luckily for you, you're in fine shape, mentally.
Someone will tell you today "Boy, what a girl goes through to send her brother through proctology school." Despite being forwarned, you won't have anything to say.
Aliens will land in Los Angeles today.  Unfortunately, nobody will be able to tell.
Today you will discover that you have no real friends.  Or at least, that they don't cast a shadow.
Good time to invest in stock.  (The canned kind, not the financial kind.)
Today you will be struck by an odd thought.  It will do little actual damage, fortunately.
Today will be Mexican Food day, for you.  In fact, chances are better than 1 in 3 that someone will refer to you as "Frijole-breath" before the day is through.
Hide.
You are being followed by a man with an eye patch and a prosthetic limb.  He, in turn, is being followed by a large reptile, which is making a ticking sound.
You will discover, today, that you can whistle and hum at the same time.  This will entertain you for <strong>hours</strong>.
If a wolf is chasing your sleigh, throw him a raisin cookie.  That, of course, is a metaphor for what will really happen.
An old man with bad teeth will whack you with his cane today, as you walk past.  He'll pretend it was an accident.
You will feel an odd compulsion to stack books, symmetrically, in the public library.  Try to resist it.
You will be tickled without mercy, today.  Oddly, you will not be able to see your assailant.
E-coli.  <i>It's what's for dinner!</i>
Today, someone named "Svlad" will appear at your door, carrying a large inflatable penguin and a bag of pistachio nuts.  Despite your better judgement, you will let him in.
Inspiration will strike you, and leave you for dead.  The police will do nothing.
Bring extra.  You'll need it.
Thrombosis.  Beware.  Also, your best friend will rush up and indicate by nonverbal means that Timmy is trapped under a log <i>again</i>.
People will tease you about wearing your golf shoes indoors.  Don't you mind them, though -- they're undoubtedly just jealous.
A hive of naked mole rats will move in with you today.  You will find that they are relatively tidy creatures, but that it's a trifle difficult to explain their presence to your friends.
Today you will discover an astounding new use for celery, and it will make you rich beyond your wildest dreams.
Avoid alternative music, today.  Also, try to find what's making that nasty smell in the fridge, before it gets worse.
Birds figure heavily in your day, today.  My advice?  Wear a hat.
Today you will begin a new hobby: collecting spores, molds, and fungus.  You will find it richly rewarding, in a spiritual sense.
What goes around will come around, today.  Metaphorically speaking, that is.
This is not a good day to start a new romance.  Particularly not a new romance based on a personals classified ad in the back of Mad magazine.
Uh oh.  "Bursting into song day", again.  Your friends will avoid you.
Someone will soon approach you with an idea.  Stay well clear of it.
Today will mark the first time you've ever actually "wrestled" a largish reptile.  Although an unexpected experience, you will find it strangely stimulating, and may decide to pursue it as a career.
Deny everything.
Between now and the <i>vernal equinox</i>, trust anyone with freckles.  After that, trust no one.
Paper airplane day, today.  Have as much fun as you can stand -- tomorrow will be ugly.
Someone will try to give you an egg salad sandwich today.  Refuse them.  Be polite, yet firm.
Your obsession with Lapsang Souchong tea takes a turn for the worse, today, as you begin secretly soaking your undergarments in it.  Professional help is indicated.
Today you will irritate people.  In fact, you'll irritate yourself.
Today will be a great day for bargains.  For example, you'll find a really amazing price on a flame-thrower, at the Army surplus store.  A flame-thrower is one of those rare things that really creates a lasting first impression -- so you should definitely get it.
You will win 12,000 cases of peanut brittle today, on a call-in game show.  That's a LOT of peanut brittle, as it turns out.
Remember that silly song <i>The Monster Mash</i>?  Beginning today, you will start sounding a lot like the lead singer in that song.
Due to a bump on the head today, you will lose all memory of what you did with your keys.  Or at least, that always makes a dandy excuse.
Good day to buy chocolate for someone you love.
Someone will give you a card, today.  It'll be nice.
People will stare at you today.  Unknown to you, you are starting to look more and more like a large frog.  A career in basketball may be in your future.
A friend will ask your advice on a technical matter.  If you answer, you'll be blamed.  Pretend you don't know anything about it.
Today you will be invited to go on a 3 hour boat tour, which you think will be lots of fun.  It may last longer than you expect...
A man wearing two left shoes and a shirt with only one sleeve will approach you today, and try to interest you in a no-load mutual fund.  Trust him -- he knows what he's doing.
You will discover that you can wiggle your ears today, and will actually become quite good at it.  People will invite you to parties.
Good day to go out and play in the mud.  Or at least, find some way of making squishy sounds.
Another day of social convention defiance, today.  You'll refuse to wear clothes in the "normal" fashion (if at all), and you'll begin all your business correspondence: "My Darling Snookums:."
You will try to alleviate the boredom you feel by making something creative with twine.  Fortunately, it will work, but you'll need a lot of twine.
You will declare war on ham, today.  Possibly on all pork, not just ham.  Why?  Nobody will know.
Happy Frog Day!!  Let's hear it for our little amphibious friends!
Today you'll start a new rock group, named "SPAM Catapult", and kick things off with a really smokin' number combining the best aspects of reggae, rap, and polka.
Itchy nose day, again.  Just be glad you don't have to wear a spacesuit!
Today you'll suffer the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune, and believe me, that'll <i>hurt</i>.
Good day to take up knitting, on horseback.  Everyone needs an adventure.
Today you'll try the old "goat in a box" trick, on your new boss.  It'll backfire, though, and <i>you'll</i> be the one with the clown shoes.
Today you should sit down (someplace comfy), and ask yourself if you even care.  You shouldn't.  It's not your fault, you've been trying as hard as you can, so you shouldn't care.  Not if they're going to act like that.
A very pudgy cat will annoy you, today.
Today you'll go buy a white jacket, and start working towards your dream: the resurgence of Disco!  And you'll be successful, too!  Yes, over the course of your life, you'll get literally <i>several</i> people interested.
Today you will see a free floating full torso vaporous apparition!  It'll turn out that your glasses are smudged.
Today you will find a really <i>big</i> piece of lint in your pocket.  That's it, though, for today's excitement.
You will become trapped in the sofa, again.  People will point and laugh.
A package will arrive for you today, from a distant relative in Tibet.  Scarlet-robed assassins will begin following you.
In this world you have a choice between being clever, and being pleasant.  I recommend pleasant.
You will begin a bitter and drawn-out battle with a gopher.  You don't stand a chance.
You will hear a strange "clicking" sound today, as you are walking through the kitchen.  Time to trim the toenails, don't you think?
You will be able to get out of doing an unpleasant task today, by pretending you are a chicken.
Today you will discover a troupe of gypsies hiding in your bathroom.  They will leave when you ask them to, but you should expect a fair amount of grumbling.
Today you will rescue several hostages from a life-or-death situation, using only a banana milkshake and a length of twine.  Film at 11.
You'll become best pals with a large invisible rabbit, today.  Well, actually he's a "puka", which is a type of Celtic spirit, but he'll <i>look</i> like a large invisible rabbit.
You will spend the day attempting to rest, but whenever you fall asleep you'll return to the same nightmare of being transformed into a chihuahua, and will wake, screaming (in a very high-pitched, whiny, and annoying sort of way).
Good day to make a call from a pay-phone in a busy place, and say (in a loud voice) "You dumped the body <i>WHERE</i>?."
Today you'll idly wonder what ever happened to Alan Alda, since his MASH days.  Believe me, you don't want to know.  Neither do I (and I don't).  I just know that neither of us wants to.
Good day for a nice nap.
Today you will turn over a new leaf.  Good for you!  We were all getting a little tired of you, you know, as you were.
Today you will read a small booklet titled <i>How To Make A Fortune in Frog Farming</i>, which will change your life.
You will think of something hysterically funny, but not have anyone to tell it to.
Dogs barking.  Can't fly without umbrella.
You'll find more, and very "interesting", uses for cocktail umbrellas today.
You will stack furniture in the bathtub, today.  That's just the sort of thing you <i>would</i> do, your friends will say.
You will find yourself in a huge handbasket, before the end of the day, and it will be getting <i>much</i> warmer than you like.
You will be hired as a cook/housekeeper for 7 extremely short gentlemen, who all live together.  Stay away from apples, for a while.
You will walk into a door frame today, and people will smirk.  Remember though, they're smirking <i>with</i> you, not <i>at</i> you.
Today you'll become incensed at the thought that you missed out on all the fun during the 60's and 70's, and will change your name to "Sunflower" in protest.
Beware of bubonic plague today.  Other than that, things will be fairly normal.
A person wearing a frilly pink tutu will appear, uninvited, at your next potluck event.  He will become quite ornery, when you ask him to leave.
You will invent a new type of bath toy today.  It will bring you fame and fortune, although it will also be the cause of an embarrassing appearance on the Letterman show.
You will make some new friends today.  One of them will be on some sort of "sacred quest", which will make a good ice-breaker.  ("So...what's with the coconuts?")
Today will be a celebration of life, love, and art.  Also, the start of a nagging fear that you'll find out something terribly unpleasant while doing your taxes.
Good day to curl up with a good book.  Later, you will build a fort out of your furniture and some sheets, and shoot rubber bands at people.
A scruffy-looking fellow who you've never seen before will come up and offer you a very strange-looking raisin muffin.  Good idea to decline, in this instance.
A very short and hairy person will bother you today.  Unfortunately, you will be unable to ignore them, try though you might.
Angst day, today.
A good day to start getting your affairs in order.  You shouldn't be having affairs <i>anyway</i>, so the least you can do is tidy them up.
Hmm.  Hard to read this one.  The carrot stopped right between "kidnapped and tortured" and "wins the lottery." Probably a little of both, I'd guess.
That bad smell in the closet will get stronger.  Time to investigate.
Beware of celery.
You will have trouble with the telephone, in which, no matter what number you call, you reach "Mo's Leather Emporium." Don't take it lightly.
Today you will uncover a conspiracy, involving leaf-blowers and other noisy and completely pointless garden equipment.
Today is an excellent day to wink slyly at people, just as they are turning away.  When they look back, smile innocently.
You might consider picking up some holy water and a few stout wooden stakes.  They'll come in handy soon, although I'm not sure how.
Several extremely hungry creatures will look at you strangely, today.  Throw them a raisin cookie.
A large cement dragon will appear to be following you, although you'll never actually see it move.  Don't you just <i>hate</i> that?
Good day to stand on the sidewalk near a tall building, and stare up at the roof.  You'll meet some interesting people that way.
If you aren't careful, you may accidentally insult someone by a poor choice of words, and hurt their feelings.  In particular, the expression "hideously deformed" may not be as neutral as you believe.
You will meet a tough challenge in a very resourceful way, today, using only a Swiss Army Knife, a transistor radio, and oven cleaner.
Good day to do crossword puzzles in the park.  Life is short enough, without letting it get you all stressed out like that.
You will make pizza from scratch today (dough and everything), and will beam with pride.  As well you should.
You will contemplate nothingness today, but somethingness will keep intruding upon your thoughts.
Good day to call an old friend, and reminisce.  (It turns out to be much <i>much</i> harder to reminisce with a new friend.)
A strange package will appear on your doorstep -- a basket of fresh longan fruit, lined with a page from yesterday's Beijing newspaper.  This could be a sign...
Beware of iguanas, today.
An old nickname will surface today, much to your dismay, "Giggles."
A rare form of management disease will strike you today, where you can only speak in metaphors.  Still, you'll open the kimono and hit the ground running.
You will dream about arrows without points, tonight, and it will have a deeply spiritual significance for you.  You won't know what to make of the episode with the lime jello, though.
Excellent day to fly a kite shaped like a life-sized pterodactyl.  Try to get it to hover just outside someone's office window.
Privacy will be an issue today.  This may possibly be because a group of foreign tourists will follow you <i>everywhere</i>, smiling and nodding the entire time.
Today you will be up the creek, but you will actually have a very large number of paddles with you, due to some excellent planning on your part.
Yesterday's bathtub mystery will be explained today.  Still, you'll have no idea what to feed the penguin.  Pizza might work, I'd think.
You will unearth a small stone figurine, while digging in a garden.  If you set it on your television and put a small bowl of fruit in front of it, those unsightly warts should clear up in a week or two.
Today you will be seized with the urgent desire to buy a harmonica, which you will take everywhere with you, on one of those coat-hanger thingies around your neck.
You will spend another full day attempting to shuffle a deck of cards with your toes.  Fortunately, nobody will find out.
You will discover that by simply wearing a large amulet made of bones and feathers, and by carrying a blowgun, you can usually get a seat on public transportation, no matter how crowded it gets.
Excellent day to pretend to have various infirmities.  Pretending to have a hunchback is my personal favorite, and is often favorably combined with a drooling problem.
Today you will suddenly realise how <i>sensuous</i> pudding can be.  This will mark a turning point in your life.
You will decide to go into the swimwear market, and will become famous by making things out of stainless steel.
Tiddly wink day.  Make it count.
Today you will meet someone with a really "cute" sneeze.
Time to do something about that high blood pressure.  Have you tried leeches?
Today you will find that you can make an incredibly silly sound, and will spend the entire day making it, and then laughing.
Good day to invent an anti-gravity device.  Or at least, to tell everyone that's what you're doing.
Good day to use nautical terms in ordinary situations, and to refer to the different sides of your building as "port" and "starboard."
A dirigible will hover nearby today, and you will have the uneasy feeling that you are being watched.  You are, but so what?
A door-to-door arms dealer will stop by today.  Although you won't be entirely sure how you let yourself get talked into it, you'll soon be the first on the block to own a rocket launcher.
A new love affair will have you all misty-eyed.  Either that, or it's the onset of glaucoma, in which case you should seek immediate medical attention.
Good day to go around "nudging" people.
Today you will find yourself boldly charging through life.  That can actually get you in trouble, though, so you should really attempt to pay with cash.
Today you will discover a way to have your cake and eat it too!  Unfortunately, everyone else will think that's really disgusting.
You will receive a "Dear John" letter from a loved one today, but much to your relief, your name isn't "John."
Today you can have lots of fun by beaming at people, and telling them how fresh your brand of soap makes you feel.  If that doesn't work, try explaining how your detergent gets your shirts their brightest.
Several people, quite independently, will tell you moose jokes today, or otherwise attempt to discuss moose with you.  This is their subtle way of telling you that you're having a "bad hair day."
Today you will notice yet another large freshly-dug mound of dirt in your neighbor's back yard.  It's probably nothing -- he probably just digs at night if he can't get to sleep.  I know <i>I</i> do.
A haunting melody will float through the air this evening, with no apparent source.  It will turn out that a renegade oboe player is hiding in the shrubbery.
Squid day, again.  Try to make the most of it.  Perhaps you could go around with a bucket of squid, and give one to each of your neighbors?  Chances are you don't know them as well as you should, and this will make sure nobody feels guilty about that in the future.
Beware of rodents.
Everyone who drives by today will stick their head out their car window, give you a big dopey look, and flop their tongue around in the wind.  If you had known this was "act like a dog" day, you might have been better prepared.
Beware of galoots, today.
You will make people squirm, today.  Surprisingly, some of them will show remarkable talent at squirming.
Stay out of the Cheez Doodles today.
Today you will wear <i>way</i> too much cologne and make strange unconscious lip-smacking sounds.  You've been watching Comedy Night on The Subliminal Channel again, haven't you?
Good day to bring an asparagus sandwich and a nice thermos of Cream-of-Meatloaf Soup for lunch.
Excellent day for a bubble bath.  If you don't have a little yellow rubber duckie, you'll need to get that first, of course.
Today is a good day to crash through the underbrush, making loud snorting sounds.  Beware of poachers, however.
Today assa a joke, you willa make fun ofa how somebody talk.  You willa get beata up.
Beware of strangers bearing Cheez Whiz.
In an unfortunate turn of events, someone sitting across from you will have a peculiar variant of a bad hair day...a bad nosehair day.
Remember today: two wrongs don't make a right.  But three do.
Good day to make Mexican food.  Just don't drink the water.
Bad juju today.  Stay well clear of West African carved figurines.
Today you will lose your marbles.  Fortunately, someone will find them and return them to you.
Good day to bring your entrenching tool with you.  You never know...
Excellent day to study gastroenterology, or possibly to go bowling.
Good day to learn to play the tuba.
A man with a single eyebrow is following you.  You haven't borrowed any money lately, I hope?
Excellent day to do something new with bean curd.
Don't you owe someone a thank-you note?  If not, send one anyway -- that's always fun.
Old Neil Diamond songs will circle endlessly in your mind today.  I recommend screaming and pounding your head on the table.
You will have an odd dream in which a stadium filled with dogs looks on while a group of wiry runners chases a bunny around a track.  The bunny will be Miss April, I believe.
Beware of giant squids today.  Other than that, a good day for a nice walk along the beach.
You are being stalked by an invisible mutant from Planet 7.  Or at least, you'll find that this makes an excellent excuse for not doing those outside chores today.
Good day to take up crime fighting, as a hobby.  First, make yourself a really awesome leotard and cape, and maybe some sort of unusual headgear.  That's how most of them get started.
Today you will lie to yourself.  Amusingly, you will be completely taken in, and will be very annoyed later when the truth comes out.
At the same moment you read this, someone will be thinking about you and smiling.  In a moment, they'll be laughing outright.
You will insist on being called "El Magnifico", today.  There will be some grumbling among the peasants.
Today you will begin work on a life-size pterodactyl robot, which you will use to terrorize the city.  Either that or you'll take a nap.  It just depends what sort of mood you're in.
Your manager will be a twit, today.  That's ok, though -- it's what he's paid for.
Your ACME Rocket Sled arrives today!
You will have a hunch, today.  Perhaps you should try a firmer mattress?
Everyone you work with will bring Kim Chee for lunch, today.  They're just doing it to be difficult.
Excellent day to slurp soup.  Remember: if you're going to do anything, do it well.  Obviously, that includes slurping.
Today you will be struck by the notion that "Life is like one of those little cars that the Shriners get to drive." You have a mind of great depth and profundity.
Excellent day to fill some pantyhose with popcorn and do the reindeer dance.
Good day to begin construction of a labyrinth.  Everybody loves a labyrinth.
Leek soup day, today.  Despite your recent tendency towards shoplifting vegetables, I highly recommend you <i>buy</i> a leek, not take one.
Today you will be "mooned" by a cat.  Fortunately, you won't notice.
Good day to doodle.
Bad day to tease a yak.
And old friend will call today, who you haven't talked to in <i>years</i>.  He'll remind you that you owe him money.
Your car is possessed again, so you should swing by the exorcist on the way to work.  I always hate it when mine is repossessed...
Today you will discover a lot of money under your pillow!  Unfortunately, it won't begin to cover the cost of the dentures that you will also discover a sudden need for.
Today is <i>not</i> a good day to be yourself.  In fact, that might even be dangerous.  Be someone else, until further notice.
Everyone you see will be "power walking" today.  Ignore them -- they're just trying to get on your nerves.
Good day to power-walk.  It not only looks silly, it <i>is</i> silly.
Good day to bring home a bag or two of live bugs.
Good day to count your blessings.  Both of them.
Stinky feet day, today.  Don't go to a Japanese restaurant.
Today you shall laugh your bitter laugh.  You'll also sneeze your bitter sneeze.
Excellent day to make odd hand gestures at people you don't know.
Remember: people who live in glass houses shouldn't throw stones.  It's ok to throw mashed potatoes, however.
Beware!  Someone is about to come give you a hug.
You are being watched by a large penguin.  Act normal.
You are about to scare several people out of their socks!  It will turn out that they have very ugly feet.
You will be afire with enthusiasm today!  Unfortunately, someone will put you out.
You will write a newspaper article about the Internet today.  Why not?  Everybody else has.
Everyone you know will wear unmatched socks, today.  Actually, it's stranger than you think -- they'll all members of a pagan cult, and this is Sock Swap Day.
Beware of Doug.
Absolutely marvelous day to complain, grumble, gripe, or whine.  Remember: if you're going to do something, do it <i>well</i>.
Today you will order the dinner "special" at a restaurant.  You will regret this, however.  Why?  Okra.
Fortune will smile upon you today.  Actually, it's more of a smirk.
Try not to be too impulsive, today.  Ask youself if you really <i>need</i> that howitzer, or if you just think it'd be fun to have.
Excellent day to fritter things away.
You will wrestle with your conscience today, but will be disqualified for using an illegal hold.
Excellent day to be expansive and benevolent.  It will make people worry.
Nothing unusual today.  Unless you count that episode with the iguana...
Continue hiding.
Good day to wear tropical fruit on your head.
Excellent day to run a new metaphor up the flagpole, and see if anyone salutes.
Good day to bring donuts to a meeting.  Later, ask people how their diets are going.
Some strange "hooting" creature will hide in your bushes today.  You should be able to drive it off by whacking the bushes soundly with a kitchen broom.
Excellent day to make strange "hooting" noises, while hiding in the bushes.
Late in the day today you will notice that people seem to be staring at your nose.  Don't worry.  It's probably nothing.
Don't lose hope!  Conditions like yours are painful and embarassing, but often clear up on their own.
Good day to act extremely childish.
You are about to have an idea of almost mind-boggling brilliance.  Try to remain calm.
Stay well clear of anti-tachyon beams, today.
You will discover a bassoon player hiding in the shrubbery.  That's not something you should try to deal with yourself -- call in the professionals.
You will develop a sudden bizarre craving for a bologna sandwich on white bread with mayonaisse and iceberg lettuce.  Fight it!
Beware of short people.
You will soon learn to fear and loath the word "diaper." Don't know why.
Nothing especially remarkable will happen today.  You <i>will</i> get a strange urge to talk like Ziggy Marley, but it will pass.
During a walk in the woods, you will spot Mick Jagger.  He will be gathering moss.  You will find that strangely disturbing.
Avoid yodelling today.
You will hear screams coming from a Hungarian restaurant, while you are walking by.  Don't worry, though.  That's normal.
Try to avoid nibbling on things today.  Despite recent developments, you don't actually know your friend <i>that</i> well yet.
Don't go out today, without a spatula.  I can't say more.
Don't worry about your hair.  It's your breath that makes people look at you like that.
You will become a bit nervous when you spot the Feldsteins, next door, doing a Bantu war dance.  Perhaps you should call in sick today, and just stay indoors watching Wheel Of Fortune?
Excellent day to sneak.
Do not leave home without a ball of twine, today.  You won't actually need it, but it'll make you feel better to be prepared.
Good day to avoid pickled herring.
Excellent day to make strange mouth noises, particularly in a crowded elevator.
Today you will receive a gift horse.  Unfortunately, it will have a really horrendous case of gingivitis.
Today you will realize that your biggest problem is indecisiveness.  Or possibly procrastination.  Tomorrow may be a better day to figure out which.
While cracking your knuckles today, you will be a bit startled to hear a "ping" sound rather than a "pop." That's a bad habit, anyway.
Good day to learn ventriloquism.  Lesson 1: making squishy sounds when people walk by, in time with their footsteps.
Today will be mostly OK, except that you'll learn to pay more attention in the future to the phrase "Careful, filling is hot!."
Good day to mumble.
It's ok to spill the wine today, if you feel you really have to.  Under no circumstance should you dig that girl, however.
Today you will be either snug as a bug in a rug, or smug as a thug on a drug.  Hard to say for sure.
You will get the peculiar urge to go outside and roll around in something yicky.  Also, you'll notice your ears are getting hairy.
Time to stop beating around the bush.  Beat the bush <i>itself</i>.  Give it a good thrashing, and say "bad bush!" in a loud stern tone.
Excellent day to fidget.
You will be pestered by a small fluffy animal today.  Don't be taken in by appearances -- it's actually a mutant from outer space.
Good day to bring home an insectivore as a pet.
You look rediculous in that.  Go and change.
Avoid friends who've had sudden personality changes, today.  And always watch the skies.
Excellent day for unfettered optimism.  Tomorrow: fettered optimism.
Today you will begin to have nagging doubts about your feet.
It would be best, if you abandoned the Fez.  You aren't that type of person, and it's no use pretending.
Today is an especially bad day to try something new involving explosives.  Try to keep a low profile.
Good day to call an old friend, and reminisce.  (It turns out to be much much harder to reminisce with a new friend, although it's often entertaining to try.)
People around you are starting to look a bit complacent.  Good day to adopt a haunted expression and carry a large ball of aluminum foil.
You will have a rather unfortunate episode involving turnips, today.  Later, however, you'll be able to write a killer song about it.
Excellent day, today.  Unless today is your 15th birthday, of course, in which case you're destined to have a particularly embarassing episode involving a cat and an argyle sock.
Today is the day you will discover your larger cosmic destiny!  A television infomercial and an 800 number are somehow involved.
You will be struck by an odd thought, today.  Fortunately it will be only a glancing blow, and will do little actual damage.
Good day to go on a voyage of self-discovery.  Try to be back in time for dinner, though.
Today you will wonder where idiomatic expressions come from, and whether you can start one yourself.  Be careful, though.  The first person to say "nothing succeeds like success" must have sounded like a real idiot.
Good day to let your imagination soar.  Tomorrow: imagining you're sore.
You still have way too much to do.  You always have too much to do.  If you were any more behind, you would be able to kick yourself.  Ever try saying "no"?  Sheesh.
You will become embroiled in a serious dispute about food.  Feelings will be hurt.  Bygones will eventually be bygones, but not until you ease off on the Tabasco.
You will be misidentified, on national TV, as a renowned ichthyologist.  Several people will call you, long distance, to ask about the mating habits of <i>Tilapia</i>.
You will be plagued by feelings of inadequacy, and will have a feeling of ennui mixed with malaise.  But don't let it get you down!
You will begin a spiritual journey.  The karmic chaos which has surrounded you begins to settle into a new pattern.  Also, you will become strangely fascinated by electric juicers.
What are you looking <i>here</i>, for?  You should be on a spaceship, sticking a fish in your ear.  It's not like you didn't get enough hints.  If you are vaporized, it's your own darned fault, I'd say.
If you don't start flossing more often, the tooth fairy will be a constant companion.  Start taking better care of yourself.
You will be buffeted by hordes of people, who will all simultaneously show up in your office "just to chat." Eventually, you will make your escape by locking yourself in the bathroom.
Thirteen short bearded men will invade your living quarters soon, eat all your food, and drag you off on an ill-advised adventure, much to the amusement of an elderly gentleman of your acquaintance.
You will be offered a chance to go on a journey soon.  It sounds like fun, but you might benefit by looking up <i>La Isla Zancudo</i> in a Spanish-English dictionary before you pack your bags...
A creature from the 7th dimension will become attached to your leg, and will be impossible to remove.  Eventually, you'll simply get used to it.
While attending a s&eacute;ance "just for fun", you will be possessed by the spirit of Rasputin.  Surprisingly, it will be a good career move.
You are sad about an upcoming event, but can do nothing about it.  Try knitting -- people say it's wonderfully relaxing.
You've just finished something, but you're starting to wonder if it would be better if you tried it another way.  Forget it -- that way, madness lies.
When you were young, your heart was an open book.  You used to say "live and let live." But if this ever-changing world, which we live in, makes you give it a miss, say "live and let die." Or something.
Rhubarb pie is the only antidote for your ailment.  Trust me on this one.  Also, someone's been teasing your cat.
You will realise soon that you've missed your true calling in life -- that of a New Vaudevillian, a theatrical marvel of the Age of Cable.  Starting as "Professor Snibble and the Yodelling Pigs!", you'll rapidly achieve notoriety, and (much later, with a different act) respectability.
In a savage reaction against what you view as New Age Wooly-Mindedness, you will write a best-selling book titled <i>I'm Ok, You're A Twerp</i>.  Later, people will often regard you as having "defined" the current decade.
Your plans to take over the world move forward to the next stage, soon, right on schedule.  What you need now is a hunch-backed henchperson with pale protruding eyes.  Fortunately for you, a suitible candidate will soon show up at your door, dressed as a peanut.
You will discover what Shakespeare actually meant, when he wrote "Hey nonny, nonny", in <i>Much Ado About Nothing</i>.  It turns out that it was simply in-field chatter that somehow made it into the play, and that Shakespeare not only enjoyed softball, but was a reasonably good shortstop.
You will have an intellectual discussion with a potato, soon.  You'll be so caught up in whether it was Descartes or Voltaire who first advocated empiricism, that it will fail to strike you as a bit odd that the potato knows much of anything about 17th-century French philosophers.  In fact, it knows more about them than you do.  Later, that will irritate you.
Following up on your accidental observation of the "sock dimension" (remember that sock you saw re-materializing a while back?), you will invent a machine to let you cross over the dimensional barrier.  Sadly, you'll be one dimension off, and will pop into the lost pen & pencil dimension, where you will be severely poked.
You will develop the extremely rare "Perkin's Disease", and will start having a strange compulsion to shoot things with tranquilizer darts, or sell insurance.  Plus, you will try to trick your friend, "Jim", into wrestling a giant anaconda.
If you're not already a vegetarian, you will be.  Someone with the initial "E." will make sure of that.  Ed?  Ernest?  Dunno.  Someone like that.  E.  Coli, is what I see.  Odd name, huh?  Sounds Italian.
Your children will return, but they'll be unnaturally quiet and good-natured.  Eventually, you'll discover how the switch was made.
Twelve freshly cut rods (made from ash) will be found in a peculiar pattern on the lawn.  Two large black crows will watch you solemnly from the top of a parked VW Microbus.  The weather will turn colder, and the air, although clear, will seem grey.  Don't worry, though, it's probably nothing.
The world will be dim and grey, and cold.  Carrion crows will caw at you from the edges of the world, and deep cold water will rush by in rivers without names.  Ahead, on the peak of a mountain, is a glimmering golden light.  Either that, or you'll get gum stuck to your shoe.  (Sometimes these things are hard to read.)
You will quit your job, run away from home, and spend the rest of your days working on a shrimp trawler, under an assumed name.  Personally, I think that's over-reacting.
You will get a notion to become a street food-vendor, and will make yourself a food serving cart for the "Bulghur Baron." You will sell pint containers of hot bulghur wheat, cooked with sauteed onions, garlic, and other vegetables.  To everyone's amazement, you'll succeed fabulously, eventually making millions off the franchise rights alone.
A big spider will be waiting for you in the dark, chuckling its evil spider chuckle, and rubbing it's hairy legs together in a chitinously evil way.  Fortunately for you, someone else will come by before you, and will squish it without a second thought.
Have you ever considered adopting a new life as a "mountain-person"?  Living in the vast mountains and forests of Alaska, hewing an existence from the unforgiving wild Nature of our ancestors?  Nope, me neither.
Chaos will ensue, when you are accidentally hit by a motorist, just as a bus full of lawyers specializing in insurance claims is passing by on the way to a conference.  The bus will literally <i>erupt</i> into a heaving mass of clawing, screaming, and briefcase-bashing lunatics.  Eventually they'll take out a class-action lawsuit against you.
You will find a biography of some famous dead person, at a garage sale, and buy it on a whim.  It will change your life.  You will also soon take up bricklaying, as a hobby.
Your neighbors will have a wild party, which you'll catch glimpses of through the open window.  You'll know you shouldn't watch, but it's just hard to imagine how people can <i>do</i> that, especially on a trampoline.
It was a simple mistake, which anyone could have made.  What's more, now you know better.  I think, though, that the expression is too widespread for you to actually get it changed to "never look a gift horse in <i>either</i> end."
You will start having strange dreams of becoming an aquatic creature.  Eventually, you'll spend nearly all your time in the water, and will attempt to get strangers to throw you fish.
You will attain your dream of having your own cooking show, but it will become tiresome when you have to battle your way past people dressed as chickens to get into the studio each day.
You will independently re-discover an old Celtic trick, which will help considerably with an upcoming math test.  In particular, you'll find that painting yourself blue may do little for your own mathematical abilities, but it will be a significant distraction for everyone else.
An elderly Chinese gentleman will drop by for a visit.  You'll spend the entire visit in complete silence, except for the occasional clink of a teacup in a saucer.
You will finally get the television exposure you've been wanting, by organizing a group of protesters to block the entrance to a physics lab, holding crudely-lettered signs saying "Down With Gravity!."
You will have a secret rendezvous with a representative of a large foreign corporation.  The password will be "fling me a spicy burrito, Stanley." Unfortunately, you may have to say this to quite a few people before you find the right one.
It will turn out that someone you spend a great deal of time with is actually one of the last remaining <i>Sinanthropus</i> (Peking man), rather than an actual Cro-Magnon.  This will explain things you'd been wondering about.
While looking through comparative salary figures, who will discover that the job of "Villiage Idiot", in many metropolitan areas, pays better than that of the mayor.  Don't even consider a career change, though -- it's a lot harder that it sounds.
While poring over some old historical documents, you will discover that the Norman invasion was actually supposed to be the "Bob" invasion, but Norman stole the credit for it.  Sadly, it will turn out to be too late to change it now.
You will have a trifle too much punch at a party this week, and will amuse the other guests by flopping around on the floor an making "Ark!  Ark!" sounds.  But who cares?  If they want to be stuffy, let 'em, I say.
In an attempt to simplify your life, you will discard all of your footwear.  Later you will regret this, but will be too proud to admit it.
You will decide to change your life by taking up fishing.  Unlike the average person, however, you will be "strictly bass." One must have standards, after all.
It will turn out that all of your life up until now was just a peculiar dream, and that you are actually still only 2 years old.  You will find this vaguely irritating.
If you love someone, let them go.  If you hate someone, grab 'em and hang on like a dog with a stick.  Snarl a bit, too -- that's always fairly effective.
Unaccountably, everything you eat will remind you of wild hickory nuts.  This is the first sign of <i>Gibbon's Syndrome</i>, and you should seek immediate medical attention.  You don't want to end up getting arrested for eating your neighbor's shrubbery...
You are developing a strangely magnetic personality.  Soon people you don't even know will begin hanging around with you, hoping for some small sign of your attention.  Also, iron filings will begin sticking to the tip of your nose.
Beware the Ides of March.  Also, if you have a friend named "Brutus", it might behoove you to be a trifle more selective...
So, you've decided to have children.  Congratulations!  You, er, <i> do</i> know that giving birth has been somewhat unfavorably compared to pushing a flaming log through your nostril?  Just thought I'd mention that.
Things aren't going as well as they should for you.  The main thing to do is to find someone else to blame, and move on.
Uh oh.  The cows have come home, and the fat lady is about to sing.  Better come up with some new excuses, quick!  You can do that while you're coping with the unpleasant result of the cows coming home.
Dispite having a brilliant mind and a lot of terrific friends, you find yourself stagnating in a quiet backwater, with financial success nowhere in sight.  You will go into business for yourself, however, making frozen Piroshki based on your grandmother's recipe, and will become rich and famous.  Your grandmother will thwap you with her umbrella.
A martian creature named Yg, who is more than ten thousand years old yet has the disposition of a cranky two-year old child, is hiding under your house.  That's where the raisin-cookies have been going.
Your perfume or cologne has too much patchoulli.  Only an idiot wears patchoulli.  Or a witch.  Hmm.  Er, never mind.  Wear whatever you like.  I'm sure it's quite nice.
A friend will ask you to give her a ride to Main street.  You'll forget where you're going, though, and drive her to Distraction.
About your new idea...  Sure, I'll bet you could sell your handmade voodoo dolls by marketing them over the Internet.  The competition, however, can be "fierce." You might want to stop and consider how many flights of stairs you're interested in falling down, before you commit yourself to that course of action...
You're in luck!  What you thought was existential nausea is really only a mild case of salmonella poisoning.  So you can sell back that Complete Works of Jean-Paul Sartre.
You will spend a lot of time contemplating four-dimensional space.  Unfortunately, you'll keep getting distracted by things popping into non-existance around you.
Time to throw down the gauntlet.  Or, if you can't find a gauntlet, a ski mitten will do.  Just make sure you throw it down.  (That's one <i>heck</i> of a lot more fun than throwing it up.)
As a joke, you will put a remote controlled monster under someone's bed.  That will be really funny, although perhaps not quite as funny as when they put a <i>real</i> monster under yours.
You will get a new job, soon, in which your most important activity will be to periodically "jiggle a little thingie." While it will pay well, this will prove to be somewhat awkward to explain at parties.  Eventually you will hit on the ploy of saying you sell insurance...
There will be a great disturbance in the force, today.  Fortunately, it will be caused by a really funny lawyer joke sweeping through the Universe, so there's no reason for you to worry.
Today you will finally reach the breaking point, since that incessant pounding from your new neighbor's place is driving you nuts!  You will storm over there, but what you find will be very bad news indeed.  Your new neighbor is the Energizer Bunny.
You will be detained by the police today, on suspicion of having removed a tag from a mattress.  Eventually they will let you go with just a warning.
Time heals all wounds, yes.  But that's not really intended to mean that you should tie Time magazine around your sprained ankle.  It's a figure of speech, you see, not meant to be taken literally.  I have heard, however, that Newsweek is good for gout.
You must seize the opportunity that presents itself today, no matter what the consequences may be.  Remember: opportunity knocks but once, and absolutely refuses to ring the doorbell.
Good day to get a potted plant for your office, which you should name "Throckmorton." (The plant, not the office.  Obviously, "Throckmorton" is a completely inappropriate name for an office.  "Wiggins" is a good name for your office, if it doesn't already have a name.)
You will get a postcard from the Forbidden City today, containing some very unsettling news.  You won't realize that, of course, since it will be written in a language you don't understand.
As a joke, you will send off a resume for your dog to a company which wants to hire an extrusion manager.  Surprisingly, he will not only get the job, but will earn more than you.
Today you will suddenly and quite unexpectedly become fascinated by fishing.  You'll spend all your spare time looking through lures, and will videotape all the fishing shows.  Don't lose hope, though -- while there is no known cure for your condition, there's a team working on it at MIT.
You will discover that your manager was frequently taunted with a rubber chicken during his formative years.  This will go a long ways towards explaining some of the things you'd been wondering about.
You will discover an odd amulet in an old curio shop, which is made entirely of holmium and yttrium, and which strongly interferes with the normal functioning of electronics.  Best not to play with things like that.
You will be overly impressed by a commercial for a golf club, which describes it as a "weapon of incredible range and power." You will make people nervous by referring to your pencil as "a weapon of incredible pointyness and surprise."
You will discover a sure-fire method of fooling all the people, all the time.  It will have something to do with Cottage Cheese.
Despite your best efforts, you will be unable to get your book published.  But all you really need to do is change the title!  "A Comparative Study of Invertibrate Parasites" is <i>not</i> likely to be published.  But "A Bucket Full Of Leeches"?  Now <i>that's</i> another story.
People are starting to take you a bit too seriously.  Try wearing your bunny slippers to work.
You are always running out of things to say, at dinner.  Try memorizing a whole lot of facts about commercial fish farming -- that's always a good topic for discussion.
You will soon send off for plans to build your own hovercraft.  Your scheme to disguise it as a giant floating eyeball is a bit silly, though.  Personally, I'd make it look like you were wearing a giant hoop-skirt, in which case the engine sound and levitation might easily be passed off as a rather unfortunate case of intestinal gas.
You are about to invent a night light in the shape of a chess piece, which you will name the "Nighty Knight." You should be ashamed of yourself.
You will inherit millions, along with a rather elderly butler named Hodgson.  You'll have a nice time.
You are about to have an unfortunate episode involving insects, grape Kool-Aide, and a revolving door.
Beware!  The Celestial Jade Emperor may banish you to the Big Grumpy Place if you don't start paying more attention to the four Winds.  Obviously, this is a metaphor, somehow involving Cleveland.
You will notice an odd stone "egg" in an antique shop.  Don't bring it home.  They're <i>very</i> hungry right after they hatch.
People will begin complimenting you on how clean you are.  You will find this strangely irritating.
You will be followed by an evil-looking man in an old green Ford pickup truck.  Surprisingly, it will turn out that following people is just his hobby, and you have nothing to worry about.
You will invent a new type of bath toy today.  It will bring you fame and fortune, although it will also be the cause of an embarrassing appearance on the Letterman show.
You haven't been sleeping well, but that will soon change.  You will develop the knack of falling instantly asleep whenever you want to -- either at night, or during boring meetings.
Good day to put strange labels on your binders and file cabinets, such as "launch codes", "who's been naughty", or "Snerge." This will be quite effective in distracting visitors, so they will often forget what ever they were preparing to bother you about.
A tricky situation will arise today, but you will rise to the challenge and draw it to a satisfactory conclusion.  Oddly, you will hit upon the right thing to do by suddenly recalling an old Gilligan's Island episode.
You will aquire a slight sniffle, today.  (A sniffle is a cross between a dachshund and a cairn terrier, bred especially to spot helicopters.)
Time for a career change.  Have you considered the exciting and lucrative career of "despot"?  One of the nice perks about that is that you can wear a rediculous hat without people laughing at you.
You will be followed by people who look suspiciously like shoe salesmen.  Try to remain calm -- they can sense fear.
You will discover a horror almost beyone imagining today -- your home is inhabited by the ghost of an insurance salesman.  Who you gonna call?
You will discover that you've always had the power to go home, simply by tapping the heels of your bunny slippers together.  Unfortunately, as you will also soon discover, it's not <i>your</i> home.
Good day to ponder the parable of the itsy bitsy spider, and the futility of climbing up water spouts during spring weather.  You'll be able to apply this lesson to one of your current relationships.
You will begin making strange facial expressions, completely unconsciously, in which you push your lips out as far as possible.  Also, you will begin spending hours staring at tropical fish.
You will have a visit from "The Scourge of Valderia." He's thin, small, balding, wears little round glasses, and dresses in a rumpled blue suit.  Still you <i>don't</i> want to cross him.
Due to minor lymph-node infection, several dangerous toxins will shortly be released into your bloodstream.  Not to worry.  You'll survive, and the only permanent brain damage will involve an enthusiasm for polka music.
You will overhear a whispered conversation, regarding how cute it is the way someone wiggles their tushy when they walk.  You will have an uncomfortable feeling that they may be referring to <i>you</i>.  This may make you a trifle self-conscious.
Beware of turnips.
A member of your family will be involved in a tragic accident with an electric nose-hair trimmer.  This will affect your attitude towards product liability lawsuits.
In a daring intellectual coup, you will translate a collection of Zen koans from Chinese directly into Jive, in an attempt to combine the best elements of philosophical thought and emotion.  You will title the collection "Yo Mama By The River."
Despite protests from a variety of organizations, you will organize a charity event called a "squid fling." Due in part to excellent media coverage, you will be quite successful.  Mostly, though, you will succeed because nearly everyone has a secret desire to fling a squid.
Remember: Unexpressed feelings don't die.  They are buried alive and emerge later as Border Collies.  So don't hold anything back!  Tell everyone what you REALLY think of them!  You may lose your job, family and friends, but you won't have a crazed, hyperactive animal hounding your every step.
You will accidentally hit yourself on the head today, while putting away the dishes.  While you won't be seriously injured, you will begin having strange dreams that you are a half-witted Leicestershire workman living in the year 1771.  When you wake up, you won't really know if you're a present-day person who dreamed of being a half-witted workman, or vice versa.  You'll also have the odd impression that someone named Lao Tsu is laughing at you...  (That part is true.)
You will be traumatized by an episode with a stapler, today.  You will be unable to even <i>look</i> at a stapler for several weeks, without trembling.
Today you will discover that you are capable of "channelling", when you start spouting ancient sumerian curses at a short little dweeb who cuts you off in traffic.  You will start taking notes in cuneiform.
You are being followed by a quiet, rugged man wearing cowboy boots, jeans, a large silver belt-buckle, a faded plaid flannel shirt with the sleeves rolled up, and a Carmen Miranda hat.  Perhaps you should hurry.
In a rather bizarre and unfortunate turn of events today, your lips will go ballistic.  Shortly thereafter, your Ziggy Marley accent will kick in.  You will be comforted to know that those are simply the first two signs of a "spaz attack", which is more common than most people realize, and usually non-fatal.
Today you will flip a coin 4 times, and it will come up "heads", "tails", "heads", "heads." Then someone will come up and say "hey, whatcha doing?" Then the phone will ring.  Just a coincidence, though, in this case.
You are about to start a band, with friends, which will be called "Rainy Daze." You will choose that name primarily because one of your group simply doesn't care for "Clenched Buttocks" as a band name.
Tomorrow is a good day to wear your lucky Rocketship underwear.  Try not to leap into rooms while shouting "Hark!" however.
Good time to institute "show and tell" at the office.  Why should kids have all the fun?  You could break the ice by bringing in your stamp collection, no?
You will be attacked by a man wielding a ham sandwich.  Fortunately, you will remember your self-defense lessons, and should be able to drive him off using a bunch of celery.
Today you will be overcome with a sudden strong urge to learn to play a wooden flute while cavorting around in the forest.  I recommend you treat those separately at first.  You'll find what you need under "Music, Instruction" and under "Cavorting, Instruction." Don't get talked into buying any cavorting supplies, though -- they're really only needed by professionals.
While attempting to stifle a yawn today, you will accidentally make a loud "smooching" sound.  Try bringing out your pager, and saying "these new models sure have some interesting sound options, don't they?" I find that works well with several other forms of involuntary noises, as well.
Excellent day to go into politics.  Make up a new government position, such as "Regional Manager, Dept.  of The Posterior", and put up hundreds of posters of yourself.  With any luck, it will be years before anyone notices that there is actually no such job.
Today you will discover that there is nothing more silly than a silly laugh.  A silly nose wiggle ranks pretty highly, though.
Benjamin Franklin said: "If you would like to know the value of money, go and try to borrow some." You're not sure this is an accurate indicator of the value of things, however.  At least not after having tried to borrow a toothbrush...
You are about to leave a footprint in the sands of Time.  The editors of Time would prefer it if you'd ask permission first.
Try being entirely honest for a week.  That's a fine way to develop a clear conscience.  Personally, I prefer my method, though -- a poor memory.
So.  You let your "mole plants" die.  Now the moles are back, and this time they mean business.  No more Mr.  Nice Mole.  Try burying a line of eucalyptus cough drops along your property line.  If that doesn't work, there's a chance you can buy a nuclear warhead from Ukraine.
You've been yodelling in your sleep, again.  Is it any wonder that you've been having trouble with your romantic relationships?
You will develop a passion for Cajun cuisine, and will refuse to eat anything that hasn't been "blackened." Your family will draw the line at blackened corn flakes, however.
Excellent day to just walk down the street, going "Doo wah ditty, ditty dum ditty doo." I'd stop short of taking a walk on the wild side, though.
Good day to wear overalls and discuss bean farming with retired people at a diner or family-style restaurant.  Or at least, that's a lot more fun than what you'd be doing otherwise.
You will become embroiled in yet another argument about crustaceans today.  You will easily trounce your opponent, who will leave in a huff.  He's just being crabby, if you ask me.
Today you will deliberately annoy people by standing too close to them when waiting in line.  Tomorrow: standing just slightly too far away.
By careful detective work and a hidden pressure-sensitive scale, you will discover that the young woman next door weighs the same as a duck.  Be careful!  And if I were you, I'd put your duck on a diet.
It is a joyous time to vaccuum.  Yes, you'll have more fun than you can stand, pushing that new vac around.  So what, if other people don't understand?  Unfortunately, an evil asian gentleman named "Fu" will kidnap your beloved vaccuum cleaner, a few years from now, and you will be faced with an ethical dilemma.  Enjoy life while you still can, is my advice.
While channel-surfing by remote control, you will accidentally happen upon a secret US government channel, and will overhear people in the Pentagon talking about their success with several operatives code-named after various amphibious creatures.  A sudden horrible realization will strike you.  Either that, or you'll get jam on your shirt.
You will rest peacefully, and sink into a strange dream.  In the dream, you will be playing an odd version of soccer with huge clear balloons, and people will be cheering you on from the sidelines, who are dressed in white formal attire.  Don't go into the light.  The extra point isn't worth it.
You will be granted a religious experience of startling significance, similar in some respects to the accounts of statues of the Virgin Mary weeping.  In this case, however, she will sneeze.
Unleash the power you have chained inside you!  Just don't let it make those annoying "yip yip yip" sounds or pee on the lawn, this time.
Remember to put a disclaimer at the bottom of your report, to say that it doesn't necessarily reflect the views of your management, or, for that matter, of any other carbon-based life form.
You'll go out to dinner with a new person, soon.  Remember the advice of my old Uncle Stonebender, though: "It's fine if someone eats like a bird, as long as they don't have kids."
It's ok to whistle while you work.  Your co-workers will draw the line at yodelling while you work, however.  They're probably just jealous.
Remember: loose lips sink ships.  The really strange thing is, nobody's ever been able to explain to me why ships have lips in the first place, especially if they're that risky.
Hmm.  Hard to read this one.  The carrot stopped right between "catches horrible disfiguring disease" and "loses everything in major earthquake." I guess you can pick whichever one you want, in this case.
The bad news is, you're competing for that new job with a Hindu goddess.  The good news is, if you think YOU have trouble figuring out what to do with your hands during an interview...
You will join the ranks of the <i>hipster cognoscienti</i>.  It'll be fun at first, but later you'll start secretly craving casseroles, and it will eventually become such an intolerable pressure that you'll abandon your pale, pierced friends with the clever haircuts and move to Minnesota.
It's time to stop beating around the bush.  Move on to beating around the ornamental shrubbery.
You will find happiness.  It will look a lot like tranquility, only a bit fluffier.
You will finally figure out what the problem is, with your car!  Basically, it has developed a sense of humor.
You will meet someone who you haven't seen in a long time, and will barely recognize them.  At least not without the spiked collar and the whip.
Your ancestors were berserkers -- feared warriors who attacked without fear or common sense.  You will soon enter the same state of mind, and when you finally "snap out of it", you will find an enormous pile of peeled potatoes and family members edging towards the door.
Everyone will stare at you like deer in headlights this week at the office.  Actually, you will later decide that driving your car around inside the office may not be your best-ever idea.
Excellent time to race one of those little Shriners cars up and down the sidewalk twenty thousand million times.  Also, you'll meet an angel, but don't let on that you know who she really is.
Not a good time to discuss sauerkraut.  At least not if you value your friendships, and your sanity.
You'll find a penny when you are out for a walk.  Surprisingly, it will be the key to a wonderful change in your life.  The trick is just to figure out what you can do with a penny, these days.
Your morning grumpiness and sluggishness will vanish soon, when you discover that the problem was just using the wrong type of deodorant soap.  Soon you'll be stepping out of the shower, grinning like an imbecile!
Good time to be happy-go-lucky!  You'll find that works out a lot better than the sad-go-accident-prone you've been trying.
Soon you will start work on a mystery novel, "The Curse Of The Mummy's Nose", told from the point of view of your cat, Erik.
You will accidentally throw your back out.  Not only will that really hurt, but the trash guys will get really surly when you ask for it back.
You will see an ancient symbol appearing in the whorls of your fingerprints.  That, combined with the dreams of apocalypse may make you worry.  I wouldn't though -- it's just a vitamin B12 deficiency.
Excellent time to take up weasel ranching.  Or at least to claim that's what you do, at parties.
You will go into business making those little sugar packets that restaurants use, and make a fortune.  The restaurants will have to use fewer of yours than anyone elses.  Is it due to the pictures on the packets, of really fat people?  Who knows.
You will discover a new "5th law" of Thermodynamics.  The first law says "you can't win." The second law says "you can't break even." The 5th law, however, says "never draw to an inside straight."
You will find yourself using a very old spreadsheet program, soon.  So old, in fact, that the columns have to be either Doric, Ionic, or Corinthian.
You will decide to write a letter to the editor.  "Who is this 'Al Ninyo' guy," you'll say, "and why don't they just lock him up?"
Nobody knows the trouble you've seen.  Let's just hope you can somehow keep it that way!
Bad day to call someone a "whiney gen-x cybercowboy." Tomorrow's better, for that one.
It will occur to you to wonder, what if Jesus had actually said "The geek shall inherit the earth", but was just misquoted?  Then you'll think of Bill Gates.  Then you'll start to worry.
Someone will ask "How are you?" for the millionth time.  You should celebrate the occasion by having a speech prepared - something embarassingly intimate is usually best.  "Glad you asked, Bob.  I'm having a darned tough time getting rid of these pesky genital warts, for one thing..."
Excellent time to show the world that plaid and stripes do <i>too</i> mix.  (Tip #12 of Arnold Pinknobble's "How To Get Noticed.")
Good time to start on your trophy collection!  (You can have them made for yourself, you know.) Personally, I've won the "International Tiddly Wink Open" three years running.
You will invent a cool machine that will automatically make over 800 different varieties of coffee drinks.  Unfortunately, everyone will go back to drinking just plain coffee.
Excellent time to start a new company, making software to help people with mental problems.  You will call it SchizoSoft.  Your motto: "Who Do You Want To Be Today?"
In one of those amusing misunderstandings that often happen due to bad phone connections, you will show up to go on a hike with something unexpected.  If you stop and think about it, you'll realise that it isn't that likely someone would say "It may be cold, so be sure to bring a goat."
Good time to learn to play the harmonica.  If you get one of those coat hanger thingies to hang around your neck, you can even play it while you're typing!
You may be drinking a little bit too much coffee lately.  That could explain why everyone else is moving so slowly, or why they say "What was THAT!?" in a verrrrry slow, deep voice, every time you walk by.
Excellent time to hum popular songs, just slightly off key.  If you do that long enough, the people around you will change in appearance.  You'll be able to see the veins in their neck, for one thing.
You are coming down with a truly horrendous cold.  The kind of cold that makes everyone else miserable, just by looking at you.  That's just the kind of inconsiderate behavior people are starting to expect from you, too.
This will be a very happy week for you.  And you know what they've been saying about that for thousands of years, don't you?  "Happy Good!  Me Like Happy!"
You've been complaining too much, lately.  You might find more to enjoy in <i>your</i> life by watching a documentary about a lot of people starving to death in miserable third-world slums.  I know that always cheers <i>me</i> right up!
Time to develop new friendships, and possibly to get a new hair style.  Personally, I'm working on the "wacky inventor" hair style, in which I wash my hair at night and go to bed with it still damp.  It's not a look for everyone, however.
A good time to learn to laugh at yourself.  Or, develop multiple personalities!  That way you won't be laughing <i>at</i> you, you'll be laughing <i>with</i> you.
Family problems again.  It'll be just like that Rolling Stones song, about how you "Can't Always Get What You Wa-ant", except that in your case, you can replace one of the words with "Ever." Try being positive and future-focused.  Also, pretend you don't speak English.
You feel like you're slowly being crushed at work, in a mental and spiritual sense.  Perhaps travel would refresh you?  For spiritually beneficial travel, I usually consult my neighborhood Astral Travel Agency.
You will be forced to re-evaluate your boss' IQ, when you discover that he is looking forward to the release of "Titanic II."
Good day to use the expression "just dandy" as much as possible.  Tomorrow: "okey dokey" day.
Something will start to bother you, and you will eventually have to ask someone to explain it.  The thing is, some birds have very acute hearing - so WHERE ARE THEIR EARS??
Time to make a bold new fashion statement.  What's the reason for matching socks, anyway?  Why are people so obsessed with sartorial symmetry?
You may lose sight of what is truly important to you, if you're not careful.  In other words, it not whether you win or lose, it's whether you end up with your leg in a cast for 3 months.
You will find a renewed interest in home repair or remodelling soon.  Oddly, that will occur shortly after a visit by your nephew.
This is a time when you need to hold on to your dreams.  Or in other words, reality is becoming too much for you, and you should try to escape into a bizarre fantasy life.  Heck, it works fine for Ross Perot, doesn't it?
Nobody knows the trouble you've seen.  Except for Bob, that is.  You know - the quiet neighbor, with the binoculars?
You need to work harder on your friendships.  Why, you sometimes don't even like yourself that much, do you?  Be nice to yourself this week - buy yourself some flowers or a nice gift.  And stop suspecting yourself of having an ulterior motive!
Time to look for a new job.  You should be able to find work as a surgical assistant.  And stop worrying so much!  Everyone else lies about their background, too.
Having trouble sticking to that diet, aren't you?  It's even harder when you see all those enticing commercials for fast food on TV.  The trick to dealing with those is to use your imagination - mayonaisse becomes shaving cream, a burger becomes coompressed compost, and everything else is coated with synthetic motor oil.  Which, these days, is pretty close to the truth.
You've about had it with one particular fool in your life.  Have you considered investing in a tranquilizer gun?  Mine comes in very handy, especially at work.
This week, you'll discover a trick to make those meetings seem more interesting.  Imagine that everyone else has a ferret clinging to their head.
You've been a little down lately, and it's time to snap out of it!  You've got to smell the roses while there's time, since you're not going to live forever.  Which is good, since you're already seeing hair in funny places...
You will discover the secret to becoming a great artist!  You can stick anything you want on the wall, the trick is to make people think deep thought went into it.  For example, spray-paint a bathroom plunger gold, and stick little angel wings on it.  Call it "Life In The Details."
Your neighbor thinks his dog is so smart, it's starting to bug you.  The thing to do is cover a book with a book cover that says "Quantum Physics for Dogs", and train your dog to lay next to it, along a pad of paper covered with scribbled equations and a chewed-on pencil...
You will develop a strange fascination with steamed vegetables.  Which is OK.  Much better than, say, an enthusiasm for steamed toast.  (Whenever someone asks me what kind of toast I want, I always say "To Friends, Old and New!")
Someone nearby will read something out loud to you soon, which you might consider fairly obvious - such as "Blows to the head are a common cause of brain damage." The best reply to this is "Huh?"
This week you will discover the first of the Three Big Secrets Of Success: It's really hard to fail, if you have no purpose.
A coworker is going to steal one of your best ideas and claim it as his own.  That's about what you should expect, though, from a cow "orker."
Remember: it usually helps convince everyone you are right, if you jump up and down and yell.
Good week to greet everyone with great enthusiasm.  For example, "Bob!  You're still alive!" (Everyone likes to feel appreciated.)
This week you will angrily tell someone that you are more than just a name and a number!  You are also punctuation!
What you are about to do is wrong.  Of course, you will only find that out much later.  For now, enjoy yourself!
Good time to invest in flowers and a card.  Sometimes no occasion is the best occasion.  Just like sometimes no disfiguring disease is the best disfiguring disease, I guess.
Your slogan for the week should be "Carpe Dium", or "Sieze the Day!." Once you sieze it, give it a good shake, just to prove you mean business.
This week, you are the bug and everyone else is the really huge shoe.  Your objective: don't be noticed.
You will soon accidentally discover why it is that so many things "taste like chicken." It's because they <i>ARE</i> chickens, in clever disguises.
Good time to consider capitalizing on the wave of 70's nostalgia that is sweeping the land.  Why not try making shag carpeting?  At least you should sit around in your beanbag chairs and discuss it.
You are at a turning point in your life.  Turn left.
Excellent time to do some personal reengineering.  I mean, face it - your mother simply wasn't much of an engineer...
Someone will ask you what you want to do this weekend.  That may seem like a good time to say "What am I, psychic?" It's not, though.
This week you will feel like corn.  Just not like having any.
Someone who you really dislike, who is arrogance personified...will be nice to you.  This is a good time to be afraid.
Drip, drip, drip.  Dunno.  Something like that will be in your life, soon.  I'll bet it's something good!
Good time to wear WAY too much cologne.  Well actually, that's generally not a problem for people who wear cologne.  Usually, they have no sense of smell.  (Oh come on - you think they'd do that on purpose??)
Time to commit some random acts of kindness.  I have developed an algorithm for this.  The next time someone asks you for a quarter (or any small coin), take one out of your pocket, and toss it in the air.  Heads, give it to them.  Tails, put it back in your pocket, and tell them you haven't got any.  Or whatever - remember, the important thing is to be RANDOM.
Your main problem?  You're not eating NEARLY enough strudel.
You've been finding that the best-laid plans of mice and men often go astray.  Or is that awry?  Awiggly?  It's something along those lines.  Anyway, the thing to do is to fire your mice.
Someone you don't like will make repeated attempts to talk to you today.  The best way to handle this is to stuff extremely crunchy food in your mouth during each attempt, and then mumble "What?" while looking at something slightly over their left shoulder.
This week will find you explaining gender roles to the clueless.  For example, men MUST continue to channel surf on the TV, no matter how interesting the show is that they stumble onto.  Women must watch what shows up on the channel they're watching, no matter how boring it is.  It's just how these things are done.  Women commit and regret it.  Men don't commit and regret it.  It's in our genes.  Some kind of adenine/guanine/trampoline chemical thingie.
Good time to be logical and willing to admit error.  This will amaze and confuse everyone, and some of them will be so flustered that they'll try it themselves.  Just don't keep it up for too long - you might get "stuck" like that, and go through the rest of your life like some kind of freak!
This may be a good time to take up squid farming.  Provided that you can figure out what type of hat to wear, that is.
You will tend towards simplicity in your life.  The Voluntary Simplicity movement has been gathering momentum lately, so you'll have plenty of company.  And heck, who cares if it's "voluntary", right?
You've always felt, like Socrates, that the unexamined life is not worth living.  There's no need to use a microscope, however.
You will find that it is true - everything is better with the addition of either chocolate or garlic (but not both).  Well, except for running shoes, that is.
In a strange turn of events, it will turn out that people wearing glasses not only look smarter, they ARE smarter (and have better memories).  You'll forget all about that when you take off your reading glasses, of course.
Good time to invest in collectible things you never had any use for.  Susan B.  Anthony dollars may make a good start.  (Unlike your usual investments, the value of those can only plummet so far...)
Your requests are being ignored.  Often you can get people to pay attention by simply adding a few words to the end of your request, such as "Pick up your socks, dear, or die screaming."
Good time to get involved in the Fiber Arts.  Why not see what you can do with Metamucil?
It's about time you became better acquainted with mustard.  Get yourself 7 different kinds of mustard, and try them with oven baked home fried potatoes, or in sandwiches with good bread and fresh vegetables and some excellent Swiss cheese.  My granddaddy Stonebender always used to say "Take a big enough bite of strong mustard, and your other problems will seem insignificant."
Someone will turn a cold shoulder to you, and your feelings will be hurt.  You'll get even by turning a tepid elbow to them, later.  Just don't let it escalate to the blazing ankles stage, is all.
Soon you will find yourself at another dull party, where the only person you know is who you came with.  You'll need to use Tip #39 of my book "101 Ways To Break The Ice": Ask someone who they are, after introducing yourself.  When they say their name, repeat it back to them as "YOU'RE Bill Smith???" "Uh, yes" "Well, you sure can't believe everything you hear, can you?" "What do you mean?" "Well, it's just that you don't look at ALL like a weasel, you know?  Or at least, hardly at all."
You will accidentally step on someone's foot, and they will say "Ow!." That's when I usually say "No pain, no gain." Sometimes people don't like me.  I've never figured out why.
You will go to a wedding soon, at which you will be uncomfortable.  You'll have fun throwing rice, though.  In fact, chances are good that you'll take up rice throwing as a hobby.  "It's not just for weddings any more," you'll say.
In a strange form of protest against the new trends in personal adornment, you will make mooing sounds whenever you see someone with a nose ring.  Coincidentally, some of them will say "Hay!"
Nothing ventured, nothing gained, is the rule for now.  In fact, "nothing" will play a very large part in your future.
Good time to become involved in a secret plot to overthrow someone or something.  Personally, I think your best bet is to start small.  You can pick up some tips in "Overthrowing Things For Fun And Profit" by Kwan No, M.D., Ph.D.
Something is about to become overly intimate with you.  Intimacy can be good.  Just not with fungus.
You've been trying to sell your car, and it just isn't going anywhere.  Sometimes it helps if you have a name for your vehicle, to give it more character.  I call mine the "Millenium Falcon." My passengers often become irritated at being called "Chewie", though.
You will discover a small flaw in your character.  Meditation and Ginseng tea might clear it up.  Or if not that, then a few gallons of cheap wine and an adventure involving a cart filled with garbage, some gold coins, and a goat.
It will occur to you that there may be something behind the heroic and daring exploits of people in commercials for snack foods.  You are absolutely right - in fact, snack foods can be dangerous if over-indulged in.  I once wrestled a giant anaconda after downing a bag of Ranch flavored potato chips and a Hostess HoHo.
Good time to compliment your friends.  If you can't think of anything else to say, tell them they're looking "very buff." That will leave them pleased, but slightly uneasy, and they'll spend a lot of time looking in the mirror.
As a joke, you should put an 8-foot-tall mucous-covered "egg" in your friend's basement.  Then, when he or she goes down to do a load of laundry...
Someone will ask you for your advice.  Don't give it!  Or if they insist, simply shake your head solemnly, and mutter "Much bad juju", and refuse to clarify.  They only want a scapegoat.
This is a good time to get out there and make a difference!  I'm often tempted to do that, but I just can't figure out where "there" is -- every time I get there, it's here.  Maybe if I run really fast?  Oh well, if you figure it out, be sure to make a difference.
Someone will tell you that you "run funny." Just ignore them.  (And be very glad they didn't see you throwing a baseball.)
You've been getting tired of the same old "look", day after day.  Maybe you should get a tattoo?  I'll bet people with tattoos never get tired of 'em!
You will spend this week trying to get to the bottom of things.  The good news is, you will succeed!  The bad news is, the bottom of things is sometimes ugly, and often smells bad.
Noticing a picture on a colleague's desk, you will comment "I've never cared for those hairless cats." That might not be a good thing to say.  Newborns can be a bit blotchy, and new parents can be a bit touchy...
You will come up with a theory about people - that you can learn a lot about them, simply by removing the first letter of their name.  For example, Ron -> On.  That's why I'm on-line.  That also explains why Hugh acts so primitive, sometimes.  And if I were you, I'd avoid Alice.
You will discover a secret about the Spice Girls - most of them can't tell Cumin from Coriander.  In fact, some of them are vague about whether Black and Red Pepper come from different types of plants.  You will quite sensibly decide to avoid going to their place for dinner.
Unknown to you, people think you are a wimp - just because of your weak handshake.  You need to get one of those hand exercisers, and use it constantly for a few months.  Then, crush their little hands into pulp!
You will invent a new type of lingerie, and will make millions.  The stripes are the key to your success.  You will call it "Ze Bra."
Those spiders are growing larger around your house, and it's becoming more of a challenge to escape.  You may want to consider acquiring a flame thrower.  (Hint: illicit nuclear dump nearby.)
What fun!  You'll be called in to a special meeting at work soon, where someone will have a "pink slip." Sounds like party attire to me!
Bad news: people think you're becoming paranoid.  Isn't that just typical, though?  I mean, they don't even HAVE invisible malevolent air-squids spying on THEM, do they?
Things haven't been going well for you lately, and you're sinking into a fairly ugly bit of self-pity.  You merely need to count your blessings!  (1) You've got a tremendous talent, which some day may be in demand, (2) You're almost normal -- LOTS of people have extra appendages, (3)...
It's about time you learned some more recipes dealing with zucchini.  Lots and lots of zucchini.  You'll need one of those new Martha Stewart "Kitchen Shovels", I'm afraid.  The good news is, you'll find several nice zucchini recipes in my new cookbook "Recipes For Disaster" (the sequel to "Another Fine Mess").
You'll become part of the Formal Attire Resurgence movement.  Be wary of the Casualist Party though - there's someone out there just dying to spit on your spats.
Later this week you'll feel much like Scarlet O'Hara did, when she said, "I'll never be hungry again!"
You will write some office email soon that positively sparkles with comic irony.  You'll be asked to knock it off.
Due to forces beyond comprehension, you will begin talking with a Texas accent.  Eventually, you'll come out with audio tapes to teach this to others, which you will call "Bubba-Bonics."
You've got to learn to slow down.  You're driving yourself and everyone around you crazy.  Just pretend that your life is a Prince Valiant comic strip.
You're about to spend a considerable amount of time with someone who personifies "dour." The kind of person who never once clapped for Tinkerbell, even as a child.  Just ignore them, if you can.  If you can't ignore them, pretend they are a duck.
This might be a good time to refer to your roommate as "Watson" and say things like "The game's afoot!." Eventually, you'll be able to reconstruct an entire evening's events from a spilled drop of raspberry vinaigrette.
Today will be especially trying, and if you're not careful, you could end up in a pretty grumpy frame of mind.  Take precautions!  Wear your E.T.  underwear.
This might be a good time to decide what you want to be when you actually do grow up.  I'm guessing that you'd be best off as either a yodeling oceanographer, or possibly a bovine pathologist.
It's time for you to consider being kinder to your feet.  And stop taking them for granted!  For example, when's the last time you sat down and had a nice friendly chat with them?  Do it today!
You're having trouble getting your elderly relatives to pay attention to you.  Have you tried talking with a Scandinavian accent and using a soap bubble machine?  That, and accordion music, always do the trick for me.
Tomorrow when you wake up, you'll make an unpleasant discovery.  Sometime during the night, you'll have been visited by the nostril hair fairy.
You will join a team, and have lots of fun.  I'm not sure what sport it is, but the team name will be "The Screaming Weasels."
You will vow to always tell the truth, but it will backfire on you.  Most people find that kind of behavior highly suspicious, and more than a little deviant.
You know that how you dress will invevitably send a message to those around you.  In this case, your message is "Help!  Help!"
Bide your time, and don't do anything rash or in anger.  Remember: Revenge is a dish best served cold, with a light bearnaise sauce.
If you keep going the way you are, you'll soon be fit as a fiddle!  (And as you know, a fiddle is very buff, for a stringed instrument.)
You will find that if you deliberately mispronounce "sir" as "sair", you can answer a lot of questions with either "yes air" or "nose hair."
Ever had one of those times when you ask someone "What are the crunchy things in the oatmeal?" and they say "Crunchy things?" Soon, you will.
You will soon need to look older than you actually are.  Bushy eyebrows generally do the trick.  You'll find that a little rubber cement and a pair of sleepy hamsters are just what you need.
Soon you will get into accounting, "just for the thrill of it."
This is a good time to start becoming a connosieur.  You have to take that one thing at a time, though - e.g.  nobody is going to become a wine connosier overnight.  Start with something that's fun to say.  Pumpernickel, for example.
You will come across a matchbook that will change your life.  Inside the cover it will say "You too can be a criminal mastermind!"
You will finally begin your novel!  This is very good, since if you'd decided to write a screen play, you would have had to move to California and drive a taxi.
You will mosey, this week.  There's nothing that wrong with moseying, after all, and it's occasionally just what is needed.  In fact, you'll soon begin work on "Mosey Your Way To Fitness", a best-selling self-help book on the topic.
Remember: good people are good because they gain wisdom through failure.  Happily, there's every reason to believe you'll become much better soon!
Ian McHarg once said, "Man is a blind, witless, anthropocentric clod who inflicts lesions upon the earth." You will come up with a brilliant rebuttal to this, soon.  You will say: "So?"
You find that after all these years, you are finally beginning to conquer your fears.  You will find that oddly frightening.
You will finally come to understand what Mies Van der Rohe was talking about when he said "Less is more." He was talking about his brother, Lester Van der Rohe, and was referring to a small weight-gain problem.
If you want someone to change, it's often good to give them a painful option and a less painful option, and let them choose their own course.  For example, "Do you want to pick up you own wet towel, dear, or would you like to have a live weasel stapled to your leg?"
Confucious said "Choose a job you love, and you'll never work a day in your life." Confucious was a Harvard man, you know, with a huge trust fund.  He certainly never "worked" a day, himself.  I wouldn't take what he said too literally, in your case.
Remember that those who do not learn from history are doomed to repeat it.  Normally that's not a big deal, but since your accounting department just changed its name to "The Mongol Horde", you might take notice.
You need to do something about that nervous laugh.  Practice an "evil laugh" and use that instead.  Then at least, you'll be able to hear everyone else's nervous laughter.
Life is beginning to bet a bit stale, isn't it?  Whenever that happens to me, I concoct some sort of prune-related recipe and send it off to the food editor of the local daily.  You might give that a try.
This is a good time to remember Einstein's advice, to make things as simple as possible, but no simpler.  That applies both to theoretical physics, and in your case, to dinner.
Try to praise in public and criticize in private.  Just never, ever, criticize privates.
Remember - every cloud has a silver lining, and every problem is an opportunity in disguise.  So next time you see a problem, just imagine it without the fake nose and glasses.
It's time to start setting higher goals.  Don't get stuff to make a salad and then let it rot in the fridge.  Get stuff to make several salads, and start your own compost pile!
You need to stop accepting responsibility for your own life.  Everything is actually the fault of that darned liberal media, you know.  You'd be nearly perfect, or at least much thinner, if it wasn't for them.
Pinch your pennies, this week.  Next week: fondling your nickels.
You need to be a bit more brusque, to cut down on your interruptions.  Stay just this side of gruff, however - and make sure you don't stray into crustyness.
You, for one, have just about had it with all this "Globalization." Time to go on a diet!
Why did life develop in this fragile boundary between earth and sky?  Because life exists at the edge of chaos.  You'll find that is particularly true, this week.
To your chagrin and horror, you will find yourself humming along with "muzac" in the grocery store.  It's the beginning of the long slow slide, I'm afraid.  Next stop: collecting "nick nacks."
This week, try to live your life based on the ad copy of a men's cologne.  For example: "The mood of the sea, and the spirit of the wind" (Cool Water, by Davidoff) Or perhaps: "Disturb the equilibrium" (Catalyst for Men, by Halston)
You may have to share a hotel room with a business colleague, to save travel expenses.  Here's a tip to keep them from talking all night: bring along a teddy bear, and punch it really hard in the head a few times at bedtime, screaming "Shut up, Mr.  Teddy!  Shut up!."
Soon, through no fault of your own, you will catch someone underlining words in a library book.  It's just one of those signs, you know?  Before the Apocalypse.
This is a good time for you to start your on-line loan shark business.  Start small, though.  Try to be sort of a "loan piranha", at first.
You should look into some of that new "dream interpretation" software.  That recurring dream about being naked in a hot tub with the Pope and Bill Gates is probably a really common one.
Time to start looking for a new car.  Try to find one with more personality, this time!  (And less of a sense of humor.)
Good time to get your finances in order.  Luckily, in your case that simply means putting the one dollar bills in front of the fives, in your wallet.
Your next fortune cookie will say "See?  We told you it taste like chicken!"
Remember: you can't tell your boss to get lost.  You can, however, give him the wrong directions.
Another one of those excrutiatingly boring meetings today.  Try to liven things up by summoning one of the people back from the dead.
It's time to get a new perspective on your job.  Try to think of work as a great big funhouse.  Just without the fun.
You're fussing with your hair too much.  Perhaps you should temporarily cut back on shampoo.  Or at least demand real poo.
You just need to start believing in yourself.  Try getting other people to clap their hands, if they believe in you.
This may be a little late, but heck, late is better than never.  You know when they said to shop naked?  They meant shopping on-line...
You are being followed by fierce warriers of the Nez Perce tribe.  You know - those guys with the little frameless glasses on the chains around their necks?  Not surprisingly, many of the Nez Perce became fierce librarians.
Everyone's talking about Nostradamus these days, but nobody ever remembers his first name.  Except you.  People may think it's pretentious of you to talk about "Bob Nostradamus", but who cares?  They'll all die when the comet hits, anyway.
You should give your car a name, so people will be more impressed when you give them a ride.  I think you should call yours "The Federation Starship Intrepid." And always do that little two-finger wave and say "engage", when you start off, of course.
Your window of opportunity is rapidly closing!  Don't worry too much, though - the screen door of possibility is still ajar.
That new employee seems honest, and is a really hard worker - so who cares if she wants to wear a studded dog collar?  You'll have to draw the line at butt sniffing, though.
Relationships are a lot like tables.  One leg is love, one is trust, one is shared pleasures, and one is shared dreams.  Lasting relationships need all four legs for balance, to hold up the burden of your troubles.  In your case, though, you'll never get rid of that irritating wobble.
Lately you feel blessed with great abundance, as though your cup runneth over.  Basically, you just need a bigger cup.
A romantic episode will take you by surprise.  Tip: the important thing to remember when dealing with circus performers, is not to suggest having a "fling."
You will be "on the move", soon.  Especially movements of a gastrointestinal nature, as it turns out.  Good day to stay close to home.
Your popularity is on the rise, at last.  People think of you as warm and fuzzy, and have a secret desire to hug you.  Don't let them see you during a full moon, however.
Sometimes you need to take one step back to make two steps forward.  In this case, you'll need to go considerably further back.
Try not to attract attention today.  This might be a good time to learn the art of disguise.  Forget about camoflage suits, though - I tried wearing mine to the mall, and people could still see me, even when I crouched and remained very still.
Good day to embrace diversity.  Wear mismatched shoes.
A bit of investigation is called for, today.  Look for clues that seem out of place.  Also, check with the man behind the curtain.
You'll get your big break today!  Try not to blow it.  And stand up straight - shoulders back!  That's better.
Too much "musk" in that cologne - don't try it.  Or if you do, bring along a few carrots for the moose.
Today's a good day for original thinking and bursts of creativity.  Also, not a good day to wear flammable clothing.
Money will come from an unexpected source.  If you put it in a mesh bag and run it throught the washer, you'll get most of the smell out.
It's time to move on to bigger and better opportunities.  Be sure to be outrageously nice to everyone until you leave - they'll only remember the last bit, anyway.
Uh oh.  Mars is out of alignment, again.  Not a good day to hang out with stupid, violent, heavily-armed ex-convicts.  Save that for tomorrow.
Focus on financial issues today.  It's OK to keep putting your money in your mattress, but you might want to switch to paper money.  (It's less jingley.)
Good day to try impressing someone in authority.  Why not show them how good you are at making under-arm noises?  That's always good for making a lasting impression.
Excellent day for light conversation.  Good starting points might be "Have you ever thought much about death?" or "Where's the strangest place you ever had sex?."
Try to think of life as a game, today.  For fun, make up new rules.
This will be a very musical day for you, today.  Next time, try to remember the Beano(tm)?
Today you will discover Pablo Picasso's secret.  He didn't deliberately invent cubist art.  He just liked painting accident victims.
Not a good time to go forth and conquer.  Try going fifth, and hover in the background.
Your ship will come in today!  Unfortunately, you won't have anywhere to put it.
Put all your eggs in three baskets, today - metaphorically speaking, of course.  You can kiss your first two baskets goodbye.
Today will be one of those days when everything reminds you of wild hickory nuts.  Tomorrow: everything reminds you of peach yogurt.
Don't worry -- that fortune cookie was wrong.
Oh go ahead.  You know you want to.  Besides, nobody is watching.
Good day to get yourself one of those aromatherapy candles that you see in gift stores.  Try "Love" or "Inspiration" for example.  (Avoid "Death" or "Decay.")
Not a good time to put all your eggs in one basket.  In fact, what's this sudden egg thing about, anyway?  Perhaps you should see someone.
Good time to go into business making measuring spoons.  Good ones to start with would be a "smidgeon" and a "pinch."
More trouble with that annoying "bluebird of happiness" today.  With any luck, the cat will get it.
Beware the toilet plunger of Doom.
Good day to focus on simplicity and order.  For a simple dinner, for example, order pizza.  See how easy that is?
Let the golden sun of happiness burn away your inner fog of disgruntlement.  Remember: gruntled people are more fun!
Life will deal you an interesting hand soon.  Which is OK, although an interesting foot would have been better.
Sadly, nobody will like your latest recipe invention.  Perhaps the world isn't ready for a meatloaf smoothie?
This might be a good time to consider night school.  That's night, not knight.  Unless you enjoy clanking around in armor, of course.  Some people do.
You might have that mole on your back checked out.  It may actually be a gopher.
Watch out for vines, today.  Sometime's it's hard to tell the difference between a vine and a creeper, until it's too late.
Beware of Chihuahuas today.  Actually, any day is a good day to beware of Chihuahuas.  They're not intrinsically evil like minivans, but they're definitely a step in the wrong direction.
Excellent time to make up your own names for kitchen implements.  You'll discover that you don't have nearly enough sticklers, but that you have every reason to be proud of your flatula.
Remember: it's a pride of lions, a gaggle of geese, and a murder of crows.  More important for you today, though: a group of budgies is a "bludgeoning."
An apple a day will keep the doctor away.  Another tip you should consider: fresh figs can be used to avoid plumbers.
Good day to make as much goulash as possible.
Today you will get a wrong number phone call.  See how long you can keep them on the line before they figure it out.  Extra points if you can get them to tell you their height and weight!
Excellent day to shuffle your feet.  Remember: it's OK to shuffle your feet or to shuffle your cards, but you should never shuffle your nose.
Good day to get into the groove.  Be groovy.  Try saying that out loud.  Go on...  groovy groovy groovy!  Oh yeah!  Tomorrow: being hep-cat-daddy-o.
It's time to tell your friend to quit wearing that rediculous goatee.  Why not recommend a sheepee, instead?
This might be a good time to learn how to really "flick" your fingers.  You never know when a good flick will be needed.  I'm betting it's soon, though, in your case.
Your relationship is reaching the point where you may as well discuss the Big Question - there's no point in going further if you don't see eye to eye on that.  By Big Question I'm referring to "crunchy" versus "creamy", of course.  Why, what did you think I meant?
Today you should enjoy "postlaunch solarizing." Q: What does that mean?  A: How should I know?  It's your life, you tell me.
This might be a good time to recontextualize your imponderables.  If you know what I mean.
You will invent a modernized version of the ancient game of horseshoe throwing.  You will call it "hubcaps." This will have several advantages over the older game, not least of which is that a car doesn't kick the crap out of you when you try to steal its hubcaps.
Try to avoid things that are squooshy today.  Especially giant green squooshy things that probably came from outer space.  (Hint: most giant green squooshy things are, in fact, from outer space.)
Everyone you work with will start spending a lot of time balancing things on their nose.  This could be bad.  You may have a renegade seal trainer lurking in your midst!
You'll need to find a present soon - you're almost out of time.  Try to find a good deal on a dibble.  Everybody needs a dibble.  Some people even like a double dibble, but if you ask me, that's going too far.
Today you will be struck by an odd thought.  It will do little actual damage, fortunately.
Today will be Mexican Food day, for you.  In fact, chances are better than 1 in 3 that someone will refer to you as "Frijole-breath" before the day is through.
Hide.
You are being followed by a man with an eye patch and a prosthetic limb.  He, in turn, is being followed by a large reptile, which is making a ticking sound.
You will discover, today, that you can whistle and hum at the same time.  This will entertain you for <strong>hours</strong>.
If a wolf is chasing your sleigh, throw him a raisin cookie.  That, of course, is a metaphor for what will really happen.
An old man with bad teeth will whack you with his cane today, as you walk past.  He'll pretend it was an accident.
You will feel an odd compulsion to stack books, symmetrically, in the public library.  Try to resist it.
You will be tickled without mercy, today.  Oddly, you will not be able to see your assailant.
E-coli.  <i>It's what's for dinner!</i>
Today, someone named "Svlad" will appear at your door, carrying a large inflatable penguin and a bag of pistachio nuts.  Despite your better judgement, you will let him in.
Inspiration will strike you, and leave you for dead.  The police will do nothing.
Bring extra.  You'll need it.
Thrombosis.  Beware.  Also, your best friend will rush up and indicate by nonverbal means that Timmy is trapped under a log <i>again</i>.
People will tease you about wearing your golf shoes indoors.  Don't you mind them, though -- they're undoubtedly just jealous.
A hive of naked mole rats will move in with you today.  You will find that they are relatively tidy creatures, but that it's a trifle difficult to explain their presence to your friends.
Today you will discover an astounding new use for celery, and it will make you rich beyond your wildest dreams.
Avoid alternative music, today.  Also, try to find what's making that nasty smell in the fridge, before it gets worse.
Birds figure heavily in your day, today.  My advice?  Wear a hat.
Today you will begin a new hobby: collecting spores, molds, and fungus.  You will find it richly rewarding, in a spiritual sense.
What goes around will come around, today.  Metaphorically speaking, that is.
This is not a good day to start a new romance.  Particularly not a new romance based on a personals classified ad in the back of Mad magazine.
Uh oh.  "Bursting into song day", again.  Your friends will avoid you.
Someone will soon approach you with an idea.  Stay well clear of it.
Today will mark the first time you've ever actually "wrestled" a largish reptile.  Although an unexpected experience, you will find it strangely stimulating, and may decide to pursue it as a career.
Deny everything.
Between now and the <i>vernal equinox</i>, trust anyone with freckles.  After that, trust no one.
Paper airplane day, today.  Have as much fun as you can stand -- tomorrow will be ugly.
Someone will try to give you an egg salad sandwich today.  Refuse them.  Be polite, yet firm.
Your obsession with Lapsang Souchong tea takes a turn for the worse, today, as you begin secretly soaking your undergarments in it.  Professional help is indicated.
Today you will irritate people.  In fact, you'll irritate yourself.
Today will be a great day for bargains.  For example, you'll find a really amazing price on a flame-thrower, at the Army surplus store.  A flame-thrower is one of those rare things that really creates a lasting first impression -- so you should definitely get it.
You will win 12,000 cases of peanut brittle today, on a call-in game show.  That's a LOT of peanut brittle, as it turns out.
Remember that silly song <i>The Monster Mash</i>?  Beginning today, you will start sounding a lot like the lead singer in that song.
Due to a bump on the head today, you will lose all memory of what you did with your keys.  Or at least, that always makes a dandy excuse.
Good day to buy chocolate for someone you love.
Someone will give you a card, today.  It'll be nice.
People will stare at you today.  Unknown to you, you are starting to look more and more like a large frog.  A career in basketball may be in your future.
A friend will ask your advice on a technical matter.  If you answer, you'll be blamed.  Pretend you don't know anything about it.
Today you will be invited to go on a 3 hour boat tour, which you think will be lots of fun.  It may last longer than you expect...
A man wearing two left shoes and a shirt with only one sleeve will approach you today, and try to interest you in a no-load mutual fund.  Trust him -- he knows what he's doing.
You will discover that you can wiggle your ears today, and will actually become quite good at it.  People will invite you to parties.
Good day to go out and play in the mud.  Or at least, find some way of making squishy sounds.
Another day of social convention defiance, today.  You'll refuse to wear clothes in the "normal" fashion (if at all), and you'll begin all your business correspondence: "My Darling Snookums:".
You will try to alleviate the boredom you feel by making something creative with twine.  Fortunately, it will work, but you'll need a lot of twine.
You will declare war on ham, today.  Possibly on all pork, not just ham.  Why?  Nobody will know.
Happy Frog Day!!  Let's hear it for our little amphibious friends!
Today you'll start a new rock group, named "SPAM Catapult", and kick things off with a really smokin' number combining the best aspects of reggae, rap, and polka.
Itchy nose day, again.  Just be glad you don't have to wear a spacesuit!
Today you'll suffer the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune, and believe me, that'll <i>hurt</i>.
Good day to take up knitting, on horseback.  Everyone needs an adventure.
Today you'll try the old "goat in a box" trick, on your new boss.  It'll backfire, though, and <i>you'll</i> be the one with the clown shoes.
Today you should sit down (someplace comfy), and ask yourself if you even care.  You shouldn't.  It's not your fault, you've been trying as hard as you can, so you shouldn't care.  Not if they're going to act like that.
A very pudgy cat will annoy you, today.
Today you'll go buy a white jacket, and start working towards your dream: the resurgence of Disco!  And you'll be successful, too!  Yes, over the course of your life, you'll get literally <i>several</i> people interested.
Today you will see a free floating full torso vaporous apparition!  It'll turn out that your glasses are smudged.
Today you will find a really <i>big</i> piece of lint in your pocket.  That's it, though, for today's excitement.
You will become trapped in the sofa, again.  People will point and laugh.
A package will arrive for you today, from a distant relative in Tibet.  Scarlet-robed assassins will begin following you.
In this world you have a choice between being clever, and being pleasant.  I recommend pleasant.
You will begin a bitter and drawn-out battle with a gopher.  You don't stand a chance.
You will hear a strange "clicking" sound today, as you are walking through the kitchen.  Time to trim the toenails, don't you think?
You will be able to get out of doing an unpleasant task today, by pretending you are a chicken.
Today you will discover a troupe of gypsies hiding in your bathroom.  They will leave when you ask them to, but you should expect a fair amount of grumbling.
Today you will rescue several hostages from a life-or-death situation, using only a banana milkshake and a length of twine.  Film at 11.
You'll become best pals with a large invisible rabbit, today.  Well, actually he's a "puka", which is a type of Celtic spirit, but he'll <i>look</i> like a large invisible rabbit.
You will spend the day attempting to rest, but whenever you fall asleep you'll return to the same nightmare of being transformed into a chihuahua, and will wake, screaming (in a very high-pitched, whiny, and annoying sort of way).
Good day to make a call from a pay-phone in a busy place, and say (in a loud voice) "You dumped the body <i>WHERE</i>?".
Today you'll idly wonder what ever happened to Alan Alda, since his MASH days.  Believe me, you don't want to know.  Neither do I (and I don't).  I just know that neither of us wants to.
Good day for a nice nap.
Today you will turn over a new leaf.  Good for you!  We were all getting a little tired of you, you know, as you were.
Today you will read a small booklet titled <i>How To Make A Fortune in Frog Farming</i>, which will change your life.
You will think of something hysterically funny, but not have anyone to tell it to.
Dogs barking.  Can't fly without umbrella.
You'll find more, and very "interesting", uses for cocktail umbrellas today.
You will stack furniture in the bathtub, today.  That's just the sort of thing you <i>would</i> do, your friends will say.
You will find yourself in a huge handbasket, before the end of the day, and it will be getting <i>much</i> warmer than you like.
You will be hired as a cook/housekeeper for 7 extremely short gentlemen, who all live together.  Stay away from apples, for a while.
You will walk into a door frame today, and people will smirk.  Remember though, they're smirking <i>with</i> you, not <i>at</i> you.
Today you'll become incensed at the thought that you missed out on all the fun during the 60's and 70's, and will change your name to "Sunflower" in protest.
Beware of bubonic plague today.  Other than that, things will be fairly normal.
A person wearing a frilly pink tutu will appear, uninvited, at your next potluck event.  He will become quite ornery, when you ask him to leave.
You will invent a new type of bath toy today.  It will bring you fame and fortune, although it will also be the cause of an embarrassing appearance on the Letterman show.
You will make some new friends today.  One of them will be on some sort of "sacred quest", which will make a good ice-breaker.  ("So...what's with the coconuts?")
Today will be a celebration of life, love, and art.  Also, the start of a nagging fear that you'll find out something terribly unpleasant while doing your taxes.
Good day to curl up with a good book.  Later, you will build a fort out of your furniture and some sheets, and shoot rubber bands at people.
A scruffy-looking fellow who you've never seen before will come up and offer you a very strange-looking raisin muffin.  Good idea to decline, in this instance.
A very short and hairy person will bother you today.  Unfortunately, you will be unable to ignore them, try though you might.
Angst day, today.
A good day to start getting your affairs in order.  You shouldn't be having affairs <i>anyway</i>, so the least you can do is tidy them up.
Hmm.  Hard to read this one.  The carrot stopped right between "kidnapped and tortured" and "wins the lottery".  Probably a little of both, I'd guess.
That bad smell in the closet will get stronger.  Time to investigate.
Beware of celery.
You will have trouble with the telephone, in which, no matter what number you call, you reach "Mo's Leather Emporium".  Don't take it lightly.
Today you will uncover a conspiracy, involving leaf-blowers and other noisy and completely pointless garden equipment.
Today is an excellent day to wink slyly at people, just as they are turning away.  When they look back, smile innocently.
You might consider picking up some holy water and a few stout wooden stakes.  They'll come in handy soon, although I'm not sure how.
Several extremely hungry creatures will look at you strangely, today.  Throw them a raisin cookie.
A large cement dragon will appear to be following you, although you'll never actually see it move.  Don't you just <i>hate</i> that?
Good day to stand on the sidewalk near a tall building, and stare up at the roof.  You'll meet some interesting people that way.
If you aren't careful, you may accidentally insult someone by a poor choice of words, and hurt their feelings.  In particular, the expression "hideously deformed" may not be as neutral as you believe.
You will meet a tough challenge in a very resourceful way, today, using only a Swiss Army Knife, a transistor radio, and oven cleaner.
Good day to do crossword puzzles in the park.  Life is short enough, without letting it get you all stressed out like that.
You will make pizza from scratch today (dough and everything), and will beam with pride.  As well you should.
You will contemplate nothingness today, but somethingness will keep intruding upon your thoughts.
Good day to call an old friend, and reminisce.  (It turns out to be much <i>much</i> harder to reminisce with a new friend.)
A strange package will appear on your doorstep -- a basket of fresh longan fruit, lined with a page from yesterday's Beijing newspaper.  This could be a sign...
Beware of iguanas, today.
An old nickname will surface today, much to your dismay, "Giggles".
A rare form of management disease will strike you today, where you can only speak in metaphors.  Still, you'll open the kimono and hit the ground running.
You will dream about arrows without points, tonight, and it will have a deeply spiritual significance for you.  You won't know what to make of the episode with the lime jello, though.
Excellent day to fly a kite shaped like a life-sized pterodactyl.  Try to get it to hover just outside someone's office window.
Privacy will be an issue today.  This may possibly be because a group of foreign tourists will follow you <i>everywhere</i>, smiling and nodding the entire time.
Today you will be up the creek, but you will actually have a very large number of paddles with you, due to some excellent planning on your part.
Yesterday's bathtub mystery will be explained today.  Still, you'll have no idea what to feed the penguin.  Pizza might work, I'd think.
You will unearth a small stone figurine, while digging in a garden.  If you set it on your television and put a small bowl of fruit in front of it, those unsightly warts should clear up in a week or two.
Today you will be seized with the urgent desire to buy a harmonica, which you will take everywhere with you, on one of those coat-hanger thingies around your neck.
You will spend another full day attempting to shuffle a deck of cards with your toes.  Fortunately, nobody will find out.
You will discover that by simply wearing a large amulet made of bones and feathers, and by carrying a blowgun, you can usually get a seat on public transportation, no matter how crowded it gets.
Excellent day to pretend to have various infirmities.  Pretending to have a hunchback is my personal favorite, and is often favorably combined with a drooling problem.
Today you will suddenly realise how <i>sensuous</i> pudding can be.  This will mark a turning point in your life.
You will decide to go into the swimwear market, and will become famous by making things out of stainless steel.
Tiddly wink day.  Make it count.
Today you will meet someone with a really "cute" sneeze.
Time to do something about that high blood pressure.  Have you tried leeches?
Today you will find that you can make an incredibly silly sound, and will spend the entire day making it, and then laughing.
Good day to invent an anti-gravity device.  Or at least, to tell everyone that's what you're doing.
Good day to use nautical terms in ordinary situations, and to refer to the different sides of your building as "port" and "starboard".
A dirigible will hover nearby today, and you will have the uneasy feeling that you are being watched.  You are, but so what?
A door-to-door arms dealer will stop by today.  Although you won't be entirely sure how you let yourself get talked into it, you'll soon be the first on the block to own a rocket launcher.
A new love affair will have you all misty-eyed.  Either that, or it's the onset of glaucoma, in which case you should seek immediate medical attention.
Good day to go around "nudging" people.
Today you will find yourself boldly charging through life.  That can actually get you in trouble, though, so you should really attempt to pay with cash.
Today you will discover a way to have your cake and eat it too!  Unfortunately, everyone else will think that's really disgusting.
You will receive a "Dear John" letter from a loved one today, but much to your relief, your name isn't "John".
Today you can have lots of fun by beaming at people, and telling them how fresh your brand of soap makes you feel.  If that doesn't work, try explaining how your detergent gets your shirts their brightest.
Several people, quite independently, will tell you moose jokes today, or otherwise attempt to discuss moose with you.  This is their subtle way of telling you that you're having a "bad hair day".
Today you will notice yet another large freshly-dug mound of dirt in your neighbor's back yard.  It's probably nothing -- he probably just digs at night if he can't get to sleep.  I know <i>I</i> do.
A haunting melody will float through the air this evening, with no apparent source.  It will turn out that a renegade oboe player is hiding in the shrubbery.
Squid day, again.  Try to make the most of it.  Perhaps you could go around with a bucket of squid, and give one to each of your neighbors?  Chances are you don't know them as well as you should, and this will make sure nobody feels guilty about that in the future.
Beware of rodents.
Everyone who drives by today will stick their head out their car window, give you a big dopey look, and flop their tongue around in the wind.  If you had known this was "act like a dog" day, you might have been better prepared.
Beware of galoots, today.
You will make people squirm, today.  Surprisingly, some of them will show remarkable talent at squirming.
Stay out of the Cheez Doodles today.
Today you will wear <i>way</i> too much cologne and make strange unconscious lip-smacking sounds.  You've been watching Comedy Night on The Subliminal Channel again, haven't you?
Good day to bring an asparagus sandwich and a nice thermos of Cream-of-Meatloaf Soup for lunch.
Excellent day for a bubble bath.  If you don't have a little yellow rubber duckie, you'll need to get that first, of course.
Today is a good day to crash through the underbrush, making loud snorting sounds.  Beware of poachers, however.
Today assa a joke, you willa make fun ofa how somebody talk.  You willa get beata up.
Beware of strangers bearing Cheez Whiz.
In an unfortunate turn of events, someone sitting across from you will have a peculiar variant of a bad hair day...a bad nosehair day.
Remember today: two wrongs don't make a right.  But three do.
Good day to make Mexican food.  Just don't drink the water.
Bad juju today.  Stay well clear of West African carved figurines.
Today you will lose your marbles.  Fortunately, someone will find them and return them to you.
Good day to bring your entrenching tool with you.  You never know...
Excellent day to study gastroenterology, or possibly to go bowling.
Good day to learn to play the tuba.
A man with a single eyebrow is following you.  You haven't borrowed any money lately, I hope?
Excellent day to do something new with bean curd.
Don't you owe someone a thank-you note?  If not, send one anyway -- that's always fun.
Old Neil Diamond songs will circle endlessly in your mind today.  I recommend screaming and pounding your head on the table.
You will have an odd dream in which a stadium filled with dogs looks on while a group of wiry runners chases a bunny around a track.  The bunny will be Miss April, I believe.
Beware of giant squids today.  Other than that, a good day for a nice walk along the beach.
You are being stalked by an invisible mutant from Planet 7.  Or at least, you'll find that this makes an excellent excuse for not doing those outside chores today.
Good day to take up crime fighting, as a hobby.  First, make yourself a really awesome leotard and cape, and maybe some sort of unusual headgear.  That's how most of them get started.
Today you will lie to yourself.  Amusingly, you will be completely taken in, and will be very annoyed later when the truth comes out.
At the same moment you read this, someone will be thinking about you and smiling.  In a moment, they'll be laughing outright.
You will insist on being called "El Magnifico", today.  There will be some grumbling among the peasants.
Today you will begin work on a life-size pterodactyl robot, which you will use to terrorize the city.  Either that or you'll take a nap.  It just depends what sort of mood you're in.
Your manager will be a twit, today.  That's ok, though -- it's what he's paid for.
Your ACME Rocket Sled arrives today!
You will have a hunch, today.  Perhaps you should try a firmer mattress?
Everyone you work with will bring Kim Chee for lunch, today.  They're just doing it to be difficult.
Excellent day to slurp soup.  Remember: if you're going to do anything, do it well.  Obviously, that includes slurping.
Today you will be struck by the notion that "Life is like one of those little cars that the Shriners get to drive".  You have a mind of great depth and profundity.
Excellent day to fill some pantyhose with popcorn and do the reindeer dance.
Good day to begin construction of a labyrinth.  Everybody loves a labyrinth.
Leek soup day, today.  Despite your recent tendency towards shoplifting vegetables, I highly recommend you <i>buy</i> a leek, not take one.
Today you will be "mooned" by a cat.  Fortunately, you won't notice.
Good day to doodle.
Bad day to tease a yak.
And old friend will call today, who you haven't talked to in <i>years</i>.  He'll remind you that you owe him money.
Your car is possessed again, so you should swing by the exorcist on the way to work.  I always hate it when mine is repossessed...
Today you will discover a lot of money under your pillow!  Unfortunately, it won't begin to cover the cost of the dentures that you will also discover a sudden need for.
Today is <i>not</i> a good day to be yourself.  In fact, that might even be dangerous.  Be someone else, until further notice.
Everyone you see will be "power walking" today.  Ignore them -- they're just trying to get on your nerves.
Good day to power-walk.  It not only looks silly, it <i>is</i> silly.
Good day to bring home a bag or two of live bugs.
Good day to count your blessings.  Both of them.
Stinky feet day, today.  Don't go to a Japanese restaurant.
Today you shall laugh your bitter laugh.  You'll also sneeze your bitter sneeze.
Excellent day to make odd hand gestures at people you don't know.
Remember: people who live in glass houses shouldn't throw stones.  It's ok to throw mashed potatoes, however.
Beware!  Someone is about to come give you a hug.
You are being watched by a large penguin.  Act normal.
You are about to scare several people out of their socks!  It will turn out that they have very ugly feet.
You will be afire with enthusiasm today!  Unfortunately, someone will put you out.
You will write a newspaper article about the Internet today.  Why not?  Everybody else has.
Everyone you know will wear unmatched socks, today.  Actually, it's stranger than you think -- they'll all members of a pagan cult, and this is Sock Swap Day.
Beware of Doug.
Absolutely marvelous day to complain, grumble, gripe, or whine.  Remember: if you're going to do something, do it <i>well</i>.
Today you will order the dinner "special" at a restaurant.  You will regret this, however.  Why?  Okra.
Fortune will smile upon you today.  Actually, it's more of a smirk.
Try not to be too impulsive, today.  Ask youself if you really <i>need</i> that howitzer, or if you just think it'd be fun to have.
Excellent day to fritter things away.
You will wrestle with your conscience today, but will be disqualified for using an illegal hold.
Excellent day to be expansive and benevolent.  It will make people worry.
Nothing unusual today.  Unless you count that episode with the iguana...
Continue hiding.
Good day to wear tropical fruit on your head.
Excellent day to run a new metaphor up the flagpole, and see if anyone salutes.
Good day to bring donuts to a meeting.  Later, ask people how their diets are going.
Some strange "hooting" creature will hide in your bushes today.  You should be able to drive it off by whacking the bushes soundly with a kitchen broom.
Excellent day to make strange "hooting" noises, while hiding in the bushes.
Late in the day today you will notice that people seem to be staring at your nose.  Don't worry, though.  It's probably nothing.
Don't lose hope!  Conditions like yours are painful and embarassing, but often clear up on their own.
Good day to act extremely childish.
You are about to have an idea of almost mind-boggling brilliance.  Try to remain calm.
Stay well clear of anti-tachyon beams, today.
You will discover a bassoon player hiding in the shrubbery.  That's not something you should try to deal with yourself -- call in the professionals.
You will develop a sudden bizarre craving for a bologna sandwich on white bread with mayonaisse and iceberg lettuce.  Fight it!
Beware of short people.
You will soon learn to fear and loath the word "diaper".  Don't know why.
Nothing especially remarkable will happen today.  You <i>will</i> get a strange urge to talk like Ziggy Marley, but it will pass.
During a walk in the woods, you will spot Mick Jagger.  He will be gathering moss.  You will find that strangely disturbing.
Avoid yodelling today.
You will hear screams coming from a Hungarian restaurant, while you are walking by.  Don't worry, though.  That's normal.
Try to avoid nibbling on things today.  Despite recent developments, you don't actually know your friend <i>that</i> well yet.
Don't go out today, without a spatula.  I can't say more.
Don't worry about your hair.  It's your breath that makes people look at you like that.
You will become a bit nervous when you spot the Feldsteins, next door, doing a Bantu war dance.  Perhaps you should call in sick today, and just stay indoors watching Wheel Of Fortune?
Excellent day to sneak.
Do not leave home without a ball of twine, today.  You won't actually need it, but it'll make you feel better to be prepared.
Good day to avoid pickled herring.
Excellent day to make strange mouth noises, particularly in a crowded elevator.
Today you will receive a gift horse.  Unfortunately, it will have a really horrendous case of gingivitis.
Today you will realize that your biggest problem is indecisiveness.  Or possibly procrastination.  Tomorrow may be a better day to figure out which.
While cracking your knuckles today, you will be a bit startled to hear a "ping" sound rather than a "pop".  That's a bad habit, anyway.
Good day to learn ventriloquism.  Lesson 1: making squishy sounds when people walk by, in time with their footsteps.
Today will be mostly OK, except that you'll learn to pay more attention in the future to the phrase "Careful, filling is hot!".
Good day to mumble.
It's ok to spill the wine today, if you feel you really have to.  Under no circumstance should you dig that girl, however.
Today you will be either snug as a bug in a rug, or smug as a thug on a drug.  Hard to say for sure.
You will get the peculiar urge to go outside and roll around in something yicky.  Also, you'll notice your ears are getting hairy.
Time to stop beating around the bush.  Beat the bush <i>itself</i>.  Give it a good thrashing, and say "bad bush!" in a loud stern tone.
Excellent day to fidget.
You will be pestered by a small fluffy animal today.  Don't be taken in by appearances -- it's actually a mutant from outer space.
Good day to bring home an insectivore as a pet.
You look rediculous in that.  Go and change.
Avoid friends who've had sudden personality changes, today.  And always watch the skies.
Excellent day for unfettered optimism.  Tomorrow: fettered optimism.
Today you will begin to have nagging doubts about your feet.
It would be best, if you abandoned the Fez.  You aren't that type of person, and it's no use pretending.
Today is an especially bad day to try something new involving explosives.  Try to keep a low profile.
Good day to call an old friend, and reminisce.  (It turns out to be much much harder to reminisce with a new friend, although it's often entertaining to try.)
People around you are starting to look a bit complacent.  Good day to adopt a haunted expression and carry a large ball of aluminum foil.
You will have a rather unfortunate episode involving turnips, today.  Later, however, you'll be able to write a killer song about it.
Excellent day, today.  Unless today is your 15th birthday, of course, in which case you're destined to have a particularly embarassing episode involving a cat and an argyle sock.
Today is the day you will discover your larger cosmic destiny!  A television infomercial and an 800 number are somehow involved.
You will be struck by an odd thought, today.  Fortunately it will be only a glancing blow, and will do little actual damage.
Good day to go on a voyage of self-discovery.  Try to be back in time for dinner, though.
Today you will wonder where idiomatic expressions come from, and whether you can start one yourself.  Be careful, though.  The first person to say "nothing succeeds like success" must have sounded like a real idiot.
Good day to let your imagination soar.  Tomorrow: imagining you're sore.
You still have way too much to do.  You always have too much to do.  If you were any more behind, you would be able to kick yourself.  Ever try saying "no"?  Sheesh.
You will become embroiled in a serious dispute about food.  Feelings will be hurt.  Bygones will eventually be bygones, but not until you ease off on the Tabasco.
You will be misidentified, on national TV, as a renowned ichthyologist.  Several people will call you, long distance, to ask about the mating habits of <i>Tilapia</i>.
You will be plagued by feelings of inadequacy, and will have a feeling of ennui mixed with malaise.  But don't let it get you down!
You will begin a spiritual journey.  The karmic chaos which has surrounded you begins to settle into a new pattern.  Also, you will become strangely fascinated by electric juicers.
What are you looking <i>here</i>, for?  You should be on a spaceship, sticking a fish in your ear.  It's not like you didn't get enough hints.  If you are vaporized, it's your own darned fault, I'd say.
If you don't start flossing more often, the tooth fairy will be a constant companion.  Start taking better care of yourself.
You will be buffeted by hordes of people, who will all simultaneously show up in your office "just to chat".  Eventually, you will make your escape by locking yourself in the bathroom.
Thirteen short bearded men will invade your living quarters soon, eat all your food, and drag you off on an ill-advised adventure, much to the amusement of an elderly gentleman of your acquaintance.
You will be offered a chance to go on a journey soon.  It sounds like fun, but you might benefit by looking up <i>La Isla Zancudo</i> in a Spanish-English dictionary before you pack your bags...
A creature from the 7th dimension will become attached to your leg, and will be impossible to remove.  Eventually, you'll simply get used to it.
While attending a s&eacute;ance "just for fun", you will be possessed by the spirit of Rasputin.  Surprisingly, it will be a good career move.
You are sad about an upcoming event, but can do nothing about it.  Try knitting -- people say it's wonderfully relaxing.
You've just finished something, but you're starting to wonder if it would be better if you tried it another way.  Forget it -- that way, madness lies.
When you were young, your heart was an open book.  You used to say "live and let live".  But if this ever-changing world, which we live in, makes you give it a miss, say "live and let die".  Or something.
Rhubarb pie is the only antidote for your ailment.  Trust me on this one.  Also, someone's been teasing your cat.
You will realise soon that you've missed your true calling in life -- that of a New Vaudevillian, a theatrical marvel of the Age of Cable.  Starting as "Professor Snibble and the Yodelling Pigs!", you'll rapidly achieve notoriety, and (much later, with a different act) respectability.
In a savage reaction against what you view as New Age Wooly-Mindedness, you will write a best-selling book titled <i>I'm Ok, You're A Twerp</i>.  Later, people will often regard you as having "defined" the current decade.
Your plans to take over the world move forward to the next stage, soon, right on schedule.  What you need now is a hunch-backed henchperson with pale protruding eyes.  Fortunately for you, a suitible candidate will soon show up at your door, dressed as a peanut.
You will discover what Shakespeare actually meant, when he wrote "Hey nonny, nonny", in <i>Much Ado About Nothing</i>.  It turns out that it was simply in-field chatter that somehow made it into the play, and that Shakespeare not only enjoyed softball, but was a reasonably good shortstop.
You will have an intellectual discussion with a potato, soon.  You'll be so caught up in whether it was Descartes or Voltaire who first advocated empiricism, that it will fail to strike you as a bit odd that the potato knows much of anything about 17th-century French philosophers.  In fact, it knows more about them than you do.  Later, that will irritate you.
Following up on your accidental observation of the "sock dimension" (remember that sock you saw re-materializing a while back?), you will invent a machine to let you cross over the dimensional barrier.  Sadly, you'll be one dimension off, and will pop into the lost pen & pencil dimension, where you will be severely poked.
You will develop the extremely rare "Perkin's Disease", and will start having a strange compulsion to shoot things with tranquilizer darts, or sell insurance.  Plus, you will try to trick your friend, "Jim", into wrestling a giant anaconda.
If you're not already a vegetarian, you will be.  Someone with the initial "E." will make sure of that.  Ed?  Ernest?  Dunno.  Someone like that.  E.  Coli, is what I see.  Odd name, huh?  Sounds Italian.
Your children will return, but they'll be unnaturally quiet and good-natured.  Eventually, you'll discover how the switch was made.
Twelve freshly cut rods (made from ash) will be found in a peculiar pattern on the lawn.  Two large black crows will watch you solemnly from the top of a parked VW Microbus.  The weather will turn colder, and the air, although clear, will seem grey.  Don't worry, though, it's probably nothing.
The world will be dim and grey, and cold.  Carrion crows will caw at you from the edges of the world, and deep cold water will rush by in rivers without names.  Ahead, on the peak of a mountain, is a glimmering golden light.  Either that, or you'll get gum stuck to your shoe.  (Sometimes these things are hard to read.)
You will quit your job, run away from home, and spend the rest of your days working on a shrimp trawler, under an assumed name.  Personally, I think that's over-reacting.
You will get a notion to become a street food-vendor, and will make yourself a food serving cart for the "Bulghur Baron".  You will sell pint containers of hot bulghur wheat, cooked with sauteed onions, garlic, and other vegetables.  To everyone's amazement, you'll succeed fabulously, eventually making millions off the franchise rights alone.
A big spider will be waiting for you in the dark, chuckling its evil spider chuckle, and rubbing it's hairy legs together in a chitinously evil way.  Fortunately for you, someone else will come by before you, and will squish it without a second thought.
Have you ever considered adopting a new life as a "mountain-person"?  Living in the vast mountains and forests of Alaska, hewing an existence from the unforgiving wild Nature of our ancestors?  Nope, me neither.
Chaos will ensue, when you are accidentally hit by a motorist, just as a bus full of lawyers specializing in insurance claims is passing by on the way to a conference.  The bus will literally <i>erupt</i> into a heaving mass of clawing, screaming, and briefcase-bashing lunatics.  Eventually they'll take out a class-action lawsuit against you.
You will find a biography of some famous dead person, at a garage sale, and buy it on a whim.  It will change your life.  You will also soon take up bricklaying, as a hobby.
Your neighbors will have a wild party, which you'll catch glimpses of through the open window.  You'll know you shouldn't watch, but it's just hard to imagine how people can <i>do</i> that, especially on a trampoline.
It was a simple mistake, which anyone could have made.  What's more, now you know better.  I think, though, that the expression is too widespread for you to actually get it changed to "never look a gift horse in <i>either</i> end".
You will start having strange dreams of becoming an aquatic creature.  Eventually, you'll spend nearly all your time in the water, and will attempt to get strangers to throw you fish.
You will attain your dream of having your own cooking show, but it will become tiresome when you have to battle your way past people dressed as chickens to get into the studio each day.
You will independently re-discover an old Celtic trick, which will help considerably with an upcoming math test.  In particular, you'll find that painting yourself blue may do little for your own mathematical abilities, but it will be a significant distraction for everyone else.
An elderly Chinese gentleman will drop by for a visit.  You'll spend the entire visit in complete silence, except for the occasional clink of a teacup in a saucer.
You will finally get the television exposure you've been wanting, by organizing a group of protesters to block the entrance to a physics lab, holding crudely-lettered signs saying "Down With Gravity!".
You will have a secret rendezvous with a representative of a large foreign corporation.  The password will be "fling me a spicy burrito, Stanley".  Unfortunately, you may have to say this to quite a few people before you find the right one.
It will turn out that someone you spend a great deal of time with is actually one of the last remaining <i>Sinanthropus</i> (Peking man), rather than an actual Cro-Magnon.  This will explain things you'd been wondering about.
While looking through comparative salary figures, who will discover that the job of "Villiage Idiot", in many metropolitan areas, pays better than that of the mayor.  Don't even consider a career change, though -- it's a lot harder that it sounds.
While poring over some old historical documents, you will discover that the Norman invasion was actually supposed to be the "Bob" invasion, but Norman stole the credit for it.  Sadly, it will turn out to be too late to change it now.
You will have a trifle too much punch at a party this week, and will amuse the other guests by flopping around on the floor an making "Ark!  Ark!" sounds.  But who cares?  If they want to be stuffy, let 'em, I say.
In an attempt to simplify your life, you will discard all of your footwear.  Later you will regret this, but will be too proud to admit it.
You will decide to change your life by taking up fishing.  Unlike the average person, however, you will be "strictly bass".  One must have standards, after all.
It will turn out that all of your life up until now was just a peculiar dream, and that you are actually still only 2 years old.  You will find this vaguely irritating.
If you love someone, let them go.  If you hate someone, grab 'em and hang on like a dog with a stick.  Snarl a bit, too -- that's always fairly effective.
Unaccountably, everything you eat will remind you of wild hickory nuts.  This is the first sign of <i>Gibbon's Syndrome</i>, and you should seek immediate medical attention.  You don't want to end up getting arrested for eating your neighbor's shrubbery...
You are developing a strangely magnetic personality.  Soon people you don't even know will begin hanging around with you, hoping for some small sign of your attention.  Also, iron filings will begin sticking to the tip of your nose.
Beware the Ides of March.  Also, if you have a friend named "Brutus", it might behoove you to be a trifle more selective...
So, you've decided to have children.  Congratulations!  You, er, <i> do</i> know that giving birth has been somewhat unfavorably compared to pushing a flaming log through your nostril?  Just thought I'd mention that.
Things aren't going as well as they should for you.  The main thing to do is to find someone else to blame, and move on.
Uh oh.  The cows have come home, and the fat lady is about to sing.  Better come up with some new excuses, quick!  You can do that while you're coping with the unpleasant result of the cows coming home.
Dispite having a brilliant mind and a lot of terrific friends, you find yourself stagnating in a quiet backwater, with financial success nowhere in sight.  You will go into business for yourself, however, making frozen Piroshki based on your grandmother's recipe, and will become rich and famous.  Your grandmother will thwap you with her umbrella.
A martian creature named Yg, who is more than ten thousand years old yet has the disposition of a cranky two-year old child, is hiding under your house.  That's where the raisin-cookies have been going.
Your perfume or cologne has too much patchoulli.  Only an idiot wears patchoulli.  Or a witch.  Hmm.  Er, never mind.  Wear whatever you like.  I'm sure it's quite nice.
A friend will ask you to give her a ride to Main street.  You'll forget where you're going, though, and drive her to Distraction.
About your new idea...  Sure, I'll bet you could sell your handmade voodoo dolls by marketing them over the Internet.  The competition, however, can be "fierce".  You might want to stop and consider how many flights of stairs you're interested in falling down, before you commit yourself to that course of action...
You're in luck!  What you thought was existential nausea is really only a mild case of salmonella poisoning.  So you can sell back that Complete Works of Jean-Paul Sartre.
You will spend a lot of time contemplating four-dimensional space.  Unfortunately, you'll keep getting distracted by things popping into non-existance around you.
Time to throw down the gauntlet.  Or, if you can't find a gauntlet, a ski mitten will do.  Just make sure you throw it down.  (That's one <i>heck</i> of a lot more fun than throwing it up.)
As a joke, you will put a remote controlled monster under someone's bed.  That will be really funny, although perhaps not quite as funny as when they put a <i>real</i> monster under yours.
You will get a new job, soon, in which your most important activity will be to periodically "jiggle a little thingie".  While it will pay well, this will prove to be somewhat awkward to explain at parties.  Eventually you will hit on the ploy of saying you sell insurance...
There will be a great disturbance in the force, today.  Fortunately, it will be caused by a really funny lawyer joke sweeping through the Universe, so there's no reason for you to worry.
Today you will finally reach the breaking point, since that incessant pounding from your new neighbor's place is driving you nuts!  You will storm over there, but what you find will be very bad news indeed.  Your new neighbor is the Energizer Bunny.
You will be detained by the police today, on suspicion of having removed a tag from a mattress.  Eventually they will let you go with just a warning.
Time heals all wounds, yes.  But that's not really intended to mean that you should tie Time magazine around your sprained ankle.  It's a figure of speech, you see, not meant to be taken literally.  I have heard, however, that Newsweek is good for gout.
You must seize the opportunity that presents itself today, no matter what the consequences may be.  Remember: opportunity knocks but once, and absolutely refuses to ring the doorbell.
Good day to get a potted plant for your office, which you should name "Throckmorton".  (The plant, not the office.  Obviously, "Throckmorton" is a completely inappropriate name for an office.  "Wiggins" is a good name for your office, if it doesn't already have a name.)
You will get a postcard from the Forbidden City today, containing some very unsettling news.  You won't realize that, of course, since it will be written in a language you don't understand.
As a joke, you will send off a resume for your dog to a company which wants to hire an extrusion manager.  Surprisingly, he will not only get the job, but will earn more than you.
Today you will suddenly and quite unexpectedly become fascinated by fishing.  You'll spend all your spare time looking through lures, and will videotape all the fishing shows.  Don't lose hope, though -- while there is no known cure for your condition, there's a team working on it at MIT.
You will discover that your manager was frequently taunted with a rubber chicken during his formative years.  This will go a long ways towards explaining some of the things you'd been wondering about.
You will discover an odd amulet in an old curio shop, which is made entirely of holmium and yttrium, and which strongly interferes with the normal functioning of electronics.  Best not to play with things like that.
You will be overly impressed by a commercial for a golf club, which describes it as a "weapon of incredible range and power".  You will make people nervous by referring to your pencil as "a weapon of incredible pointyness and surprise".
You will discover a sure-fire method of fooling all the people, all the time.  It will have something to do with Cottage Cheese.
Despite your best efforts, you will be unable to get your book published.  But all you really need to do is change the title!  "A Comparative Study of Invertibrate Parasites" is <i>not</i> likely to be published.  But "A Bucket Full Of Leeches"?  Now <i>that's</i> another story.
People are starting to take you a bit too seriously.  Try wearing your bunny slippers to work.
You are always running out of things to say, at dinner.  Try memorizing a whole lot of facts about commercial fish farming -- that's always a good topic for discussion.
You will soon send off for plans to build your own hovercraft.  Your scheme to disguise it as a giant floating eyeball is a bit silly, though.  Personally, I'd make it look like you were wearing a giant hoop-skirt, in which case the engine sound and levitation might easily be passed off as a rather unfortunate case of intestinal gas.
You are about to invent a night light in the shape of a chess piece, which you will name the "Nighty Knight".  You should be ashamed of yourself.
You will inherit millions, along with a rather elderly butler named Hodgson.  You'll have a nice time.
You are about to have an unfortunate episode involving insects, grape Kool-Aide, and a revolving door.
Beware!  The Celestial Jade Emperor may banish you to the Big Grumpy Place if you don't start paying more attention to the four Winds.  Obviously, this is a metaphor, somehow involving Cleveland.
You will notice an odd stone "egg" in an antique shop.  Don't bring it home.  They're <i>very</i> hungry right after they hatch.
People will begin complimenting you on how clean you are.  You will find this strangely irritating.
You will be followed by an evil-looking man in an old green Ford pickup truck.  Surprisingly, it will turn out that following people is just his hobby, and you have nothing to worry about.
You will invent a new type of bath toy today.  It will bring you fame and fortune, although it will also be the cause of an embarrassing appearance on the Letterman show.
You haven't been sleeping well, but that will soon change.  You will develop the knack of falling instantly asleep whenever you want to -- either at night, or during boring meetings.
Good day to put strange labels on your binders and file cabinets, such as "launch codes", "who's been naughty", or "Snerge".  This will be quite effective in distracting visitors, so they will often forget what ever they were preparing to bother you about.
A tricky situation will arise today, but you will rise to the challenge and draw it to a satisfactory conclusion.  Oddly, you will hit upon the right thing to do by suddenly recalling an old Gilligan's Island episode.
You will aquire a slight sniffle, today.  (A sniffle is a cross between a dachshund and a cairn terrier, bred especially to spot helicopters.)
Time for a career change.  Have you considered the exciting and lucrative career of "despot"?  One of the nice perks about that is that you can wear a rediculous hat without people laughing at you.
You will be followed by people who look suspiciously like shoe salesmen.  Try to remain calm -- they can sense fear.
You will discover a horror almost beyone imagining today -- your home is inhabited by the ghost of an insurance salesman.  Who you gonna call?
You will discover that you've always had the power to go home, simply by tapping the heels of your bunny slippers together.  Unfortunately, as you will also soon discover, it's not <i>your</i> home.
Good day to ponder the parable of the itsy bitsy spider, and the futility of climbing up water spouts during spring weather.  You'll be able to apply this lesson to one of your current relationships.
You will begin making strange facial expressions, completely unconsciously, in which you push your lips out as far as possible.  Also, you will begin spending hours staring at tropical fish.
You will have a visit from "The Scourge of Valderia".  He's thin, small, balding, wears little round glasses, and dresses in a rumpled blue suit.  Still you <i>don't</i> want to cross him.
Due to minor lymph-node infection, several dangerous toxins will shortly be released into your bloodstream.  Not to worry.  You'll survive, and the only permanent brain damage will involve an enthusiasm for polka music.
You will overhear a whispered conversation, regarding how cute it is the way someone wiggles their tushy when they walk.  You will have an uncomfortable feeling that they may be referring to <i>you</i>.  This may make you a trifle self-conscious.
Beware of turnips.
A member of your family will be involved in a tragic accident with an electric nose-hair trimmer.  This will affect your attitude towards product liability lawsuits.
In a daring intellectual coup, you will translate a collection of Zen koans from Chinese directly into Jive, in an attempt to combine the best elements of philosophical thought and emotion.  You will title the collection "Yo Mama By The River".
Despite protests from a variety of organizations, you will organize a charity event called a "squid fling".  Due in part to excellent media coverage, you will be quite successful.  Mostly, though, you will succeed because nearly everyone has a secret desire to fling a squid.
Remember: Unexpressed feelings don't die.  They are buried alive and emerge later as Border Collies.  So don't hold anything back!  Tell everyone what you REALLY think of them!  You may lose your job, family and friends, but you won't have a crazed, hyperactive animal hounding your every step.
You will accidentally hit yourself on the head today, while putting away the dishes.  While you won't be seriously injured, you will begin having strange dreams that you are a half-witted Leicestershire workman living in the year 1771.  When you wake up, you won't really know if you're a present-day person who dreamed of being a half-witted workman, or vice versa.  You'll also have the odd impression that someone named Lao Tsu is laughing at you...  (That part is true.)
You will be traumatized by an episode with a stapler, today.  You will be unable to even <i>look</i> at a stapler for several weeks, without trembling.
Today you will discover that you are capable of "channelling", when you start spouting ancient sumerian curses at a short little dweeb who cuts you off in traffic.  You will start taking notes in cuneiform.
You are being followed by a quiet, rugged man wearing cowboy boots, jeans, a large silver belt-buckle, a faded plaid flannel shirt with the sleeves rolled up, and a Carmen Miranda hat.  Perhaps you should hurry.
In a rather bizarre and unfortunate turn of events today, your lips will go ballistic.  Shortly thereafter, your Ziggy Marley accent will kick in.  You will be comforted to know that those are simply the first two signs of a "spaz attack", which is more common than most people realize, and usually non-fatal.
Today you will flip a coin 4 times, and it will come up "heads", "tails", "heads", "heads".  Then someone will come up and say "hey, whatcha doing?" Then the phone will ring.  Just a coincidence, though, in this case.
You are about to start a band, with friends, which will be called "Rainy Daze".  You will choose that name primarily because one of your group simply doesn't care for "Clenched Buttocks" as a band name.
Tomorrow is a good day to wear your lucky Rocketship underwear.  Try not to leap into rooms while shouting "Hark!" however.
Good time to institute "show and tell" at the office.  Why should kids have all the fun?  You could break the ice by bringing in your stamp collection, no?
You will be attacked by a man wielding a ham sandwich.  Fortunately, you will remember your self-defense lessons, and should be able to drive him off using a bunch of celery.
Today you will be overcome with a sudden strong urge to learn to play a wooden flute while cavorting around in the forest.  I recommend you treat those separately at first.  You'll find what you need under "Music, Instruction" and under "Cavorting, Instruction".  Don't get talked into buying any cavorting supplies, though -- they're really only needed by professionals.
While attempting to stifle a yawn today, you will accidentally make a loud "smooching" sound.  Try bringing out your pager, and saying "these new models sure have some interesting sound options, don't they?" I find that works well with several other forms of involuntary noises, as well.
Excellent day to go into politics.  Make up a new government position, such as "Regional Manager, Dept.  of The Posterior", and put up hundreds of posters of yourself.  With any luck, it will be years before anyone notices that there is actually no such job.
Today you will discover that there is nothing more silly than a silly laugh.  A silly nose wiggle ranks pretty highly, though.
Benjamin Franklin said: "If you would like to know the value of money, go and try to borrow some." You're not sure this is an accurate indicator of the value of things, however.  At least not after having tried to borrow a toothbrush...
You are about to leave a footprint in the sands of Time.  The editors of Time would prefer it if you'd ask permission first.
Try being entirely honest for a week.  That's a fine way to develop a clear conscience.  Personally, I prefer my method, though -- a poor memory.
So.  You let your "mole plants" die.  Now the moles are back, and this time they mean business.  No more Mr.  Nice Mole.  Try burying a line of eucalyptus cough drops along your property line.  If that doesn't work, there's a chance you can buy a nuclear warhead from Ukraine.
You've been yodelling in your sleep, again.  Is it any wonder that you've been having trouble with your romantic relationships?
You will develop a passion for Cajun cuisine, and will refuse to eat anything that hasn't been "blackened".  Your family will draw the line at blackened corn flakes, however.
Excellent day to just walk down the street, going "Doo wah ditty, ditty dum ditty doo".  I'd stop short of taking a walk on the wild side, though.
Good day to wear overalls and discuss bean farming with retired people at a diner or family-style restaurant.  Or at least, that's a lot more fun than what you'd be doing otherwise.
You will become embroiled in yet another argument about crustaceans today.  You will easily trounce your opponent, who will leave in a huff.  He's just being crabby, if you ask me.
Today you will deliberately annoy people by standing too close to them when waiting in line.  Tomorrow: standing just slightly too far away.
By careful detective work and a hidden pressure-sensitive scale, you will discover that the young woman next door weighs the same as a duck.  Be careful!  And if I were you, I'd put your duck on a diet.
It is a joyous time to vaccuum.  Yes, you'll have more fun than you can stand, pushing that new vac around.  So what, if other people don't understand?  Unfortunately, an evil asian gentleman named "Fu" will kidnap your beloved vaccuum cleaner, a few years from now, and you will be faced with an ethical dilemma.  Enjoy life while you still can, is my advice.
While channel-surfing by remote control, you will accidentally happen upon a secret US government channel, and will overhear people in the Pentagon talking about their success with several operatives code-named after various amphibious creatures.  A sudden horrible realization will strike you.  Either that, or you'll get jam on your shirt.
You will rest peacefully, and sink into a strange dream.  In the dream, you will be playing an odd version of soccer with huge clear balloons, and people will be cheering you on from the sidelines, who are dressed in white formal attire.  Don't go into the light.  The extra point isn't worth it.
You will be granted a religious experience of startling significance, similar in some respects to the accounts of statues of the Virgin Mary weeping.  In this case, however, she will sneeze.
Unleash the power you have chained inside you!  Just don't let it make those annoying "yip yip yip" sounds or pee on the lawn, this time.
Remember to put a disclaimer at the bottom of your report, to say that it doesn't necessarily reflect the views of your management, or, for that matter, of any other carbon-based life form.
You'll go out to dinner with a new person, soon.  Remember the advice of my old Uncle Stonebender, though: "It's fine if someone eats like a bird, as long as they don't have kids."
It's ok to whistle while you work.  Your co-workers will draw the line at yodelling while you work, however.  They're probably just jealous.
Remember: loose lips sink ships.  The really strange thing is, nobody's ever been able to explain to me why ships have lips in the first place, especially if they're that risky.
Hmm.  Hard to read this one.  The carrot stopped right between "catches horrible disfiguring disease" and "loses everything in major earthquake".  I guess you can pick whichever one you want, in this case.
The bad news is, you're competing for that new job with a Hindu goddess.  The good news is, if you think YOU have trouble figuring out what to do with your hands during an interview...
You will join the ranks of the <i>hipster cognoscienti</i>.  It'll be fun at first, but later you'll start secretly craving casseroles, and it will eventually become such an intolerable pressure that you'll abandon your pale, pierced friends with the clever haircuts and move to Minnesota.
It's time to stop beating around the bush.  Move on to beating around the ornamental shrubbery.
You will find happiness.  It will look a lot like tranquility, only a bit fluffier.
You will finally figure out what the problem is, with your car!  Basically, it has developed a sense of humor.
You will meet someone who you haven't seen in a long time, and will barely recognize them.  At least not without the spiked collar and the whip.
Your ancestors were berserkers -- feared warriors who attacked without fear or common sense.  You will soon enter the same state of mind, and when you finally "snap out of it", you will find an enormous pile of peeled potatoes and family members edging towards the door.
Everyone will stare at you like deer in headlights this week at the office.  Actually, you will later decide that driving your car around inside the office may not be your best-ever idea.
Excellent time to race one of those little Shriners cars up and down the sidewalk twenty thousand million times.  Also, you'll meet an angel, but don't let on that you know who she really is.
Not a good time to discuss sauerkraut.  At least not if you value your friendships, and your sanity.
You'll find a penny when you are out for a walk.  Surprisingly, it will be the key to a wonderful change in your life.  The trick is just to figure out what you can do with a penny, these days.
Your morning grumpiness and sluggishness will vanish soon, when you discover that the problem was just using the wrong type of deodorant soap.  Soon you'll be stepping out of the shower, grinning like an imbecile!
Good time to be happy-go-lucky!  You'll find that works out a lot better than the sad-go-accident-prone you've been trying.
Soon you will start work on a mystery novel, "The Curse Of The Mummy's Nose", told from the point of view of your cat, Erik.
You will accidentally throw your back out.  Not only will that really hurt, but the trash guys will get really surly when you ask for it back.
You will see an ancient symbol appearing in the whorls of your fingerprints.  That, combined with the dreams of apocalypse may make you worry.  I wouldn't though -- it's just a vitamin B12 deficiency.
Excellent time to take up weasel ranching.  Or at least to claim that's what you do, at parties.
You will go into business making those little sugar packets that restaurants use, and make a fortune.  The restaurants will have to use fewer of yours than anyone elses.  Is it due to the pictures on the packets, of really fat people?  Who knows.
You will discover a new "5th law" of Thermodynamics.  The first law says "you can't win".  The second law says "you can't break even".  The 5th law, however, says "never draw to an inside straight".
You will find yourself using a very old spreadsheet program, soon.  So old, in fact, that the columns have to be either Doric, Ionic, or Corinthian.
You will decide to write a letter to the editor.  "Who is this 'Al Ninyo' guy," you'll say, "and why don't they just lock him up?"
Nobody knows the trouble you've seen.  Let's just hope you can somehow keep it that way!
Bad day to call someone a "whiney gen-x cybercowboy".  Tomorrow's better, for that one.
It will occur to you to wonder, what if Jesus had actually said "The geek shall inherit the earth", but was just misquoted?  Then you'll think of Bill Gates.  Then you'll start to worry.
Someone will ask "How are you?" for the millionth time.  You should celebrate the occasion by having a speech prepared - something embarassingly intimate is usually best.  "Glad you asked, Bob.  I'm having a darned tough time getting rid of these pesky genital warts, for one thing..."
Excellent time to show the world that plaid and stripes do <i>too</i> mix.  (Tip #12 of Arnold Pinknobble's "How To Get Noticed".)
Good time to start on your trophy collection!  (You can have them made for yourself, you know.) Personally, I've won the "International Tiddly Wink Open" three years running.
You will invent a cool machine that will automatically make over 800 different varieties of coffee drinks.  Unfortunately, everyone will go back to drinking just plain coffee.
Excellent time to start a new company, making software to help people with mental problems.  You will call it SchizoSoft.  Your motto: "Who Do You Want To Be Today?"
In one of those amusing misunderstandings that often happen due to bad phone connections, you will show up to go on a hike with something unexpected.  If you stop and think about it, you'll realise that it isn't that likely someone would say "It may be cold, so be sure to bring a goat."
Good time to learn to play the harmonica.  If you get one of those coat hanger thingies to hang around your neck, you can even play it while you're typing!
You may be drinking a little bit too much coffee lately.  That could explain why everyone else is moving so slowly, or why they say "What was THAT!?" in a verrrrry slow, deep voice, every time you walk by.
Excellent time to hum popular songs, just slightly off key.  If you do that long enough, the people around you will change in appearance.  You'll be able to see the veins in their neck, for one thing.
You are coming down with a truly horrendous cold.  The kind of cold that makes everyone else miserable, just by looking at you.  That's just the kind of inconsiderate behavior people are starting to expect from you, too.
This will be a very happy week for you.  And you know what they've been saying about that for thousands of years, don't you?  "Happy Good!  Me Like Happy!"
You've been complaining too much, lately.  You might find more to enjoy in <i>your</i> life by watching a documentary about a lot of people starving to death in miserable third-world slums.  I know that always cheers <i>me</i> right up!
Time to develop new friendships, and possibly to get a new hair style.  Personally, I'm working on the "wacky inventor" hair style, in which I wash my hair at night and go to bed with it still damp.  It's not a look for everyone, however.
A good time to learn to laugh at yourself.  Or, develop multiple personalities!  That way you won't be laughing <i>at</i> you, you'll be laughing <i>with</i> you.
Family problems again.  It'll be just like that Rolling Stones song, about how you "Can't Always Get What You Wa-ant", except that in your case, you can replace one of the words with "Ever".  Try being positive and future-focused.  Also, pretend you don't speak English.
You feel like you're slowly being crushed at work, in a mental and spiritual sense.  Perhaps travel would refresh you?  For spiritually beneficial travel, I usually consult my neighborhood Astral Travel Agency.
You will be forced to re-evaluate your boss' IQ, when you discover that he is looking forward to the release of "Titanic II".
Good day to use the expression "just dandy" as much as possible.  Tomorrow: "okey dokey" day.
Something will start to bother you, and you will eventually have to ask someone to explain it.  The thing is, some birds have very acute hearing - so WHERE ARE THEIR EARS??
Time to make a bold new fashion statement.  What's the reason for matching socks, anyway?  Why are people so obsessed with sartorial symmetry?
You may lose sight of what is truly important to you, if you're not careful.  In other words, it not whether you win or lose, it's whether you end up with your leg in a cast for 3 months.
You will find a renewed interest in home repair or remodelling soon.  Oddly, that will occur shortly after a visit by your nephew.
This is a time when you need to hold on to your dreams.  Or in other words, reality is becoming too much for you, and you should try to escape into a bizarre fantasy life.  Heck, it works fine for Ross Perot, doesn't it?
Nobody knows the trouble you've seen.  Except for Bob, that is.  You know - the quiet neighbor, with the binoculars?
You need to work harder on your friendships.  Why, you sometimes don't even like yourself that much, do you?  Be nice to yourself this week - buy yourself some flowers or a nice gift.  And stop suspecting yourself of having an ulterior motive!
Time to look for a new job.  You should be able to find work as a surgical assistant.  And stop worrying so much!  Everyone else lies about their background, too.
Having trouble sticking to that diet, aren't you?  It's even harder when you see all those enticing commercials for fast food on TV.  The trick to dealing with those is to use your imagination - mayonaisse becomes shaving cream, a burger becomes coompressed compost, and everything else is coated with synthetic motor oil.  Which, these days, is pretty close to the truth.
You've about had it with one particular fool in your life.  Have you considered investing in a tranquilizer gun?  Mine comes in very handy, especially at work.
This week, you'll discover a trick to make those meetings seem more interesting.  Imagine that everyone else has a ferret clinging to their head.
You've been a little down lately, and it's time to snap out of it!  You've got to smell the roses while there's time, since you're not going to live forever.  Which is good, since you're already seeing hair in funny places...
You will discover the secret to becoming a great artist!  You can stick anything you want on the wall, the trick is to make people think deep thought went into it.  For example, spray-paint a bathroom pluger gold, and stick little angel wings on it.  Call it "Life In The Details".
Your neighbor thinks his dog is so smart, it's starting to bug you.  The thing to do is cover a book with a book cover that says "Quantum Physics for Dogs", and train your dog to lay next to it, along a pad of paper covered with scribbled equations and a chewed-on pencil...
You will develop a strange fascination with steamed vegetables.  Which is OK.  Much better than, say, an enthusiasm for steamed toast.  (Whenever someone asks me what kind of toast I want, I always say "To Friends, Old and New!")
Someone nearby will read something out loud to you soon, which you might consider fairly obvious - such as "Blows to the head are a common cause of brain damage".  The best reply to this is "Huh?"
This week you will discover the first of the Three Big Secrets Of Success: It's really hard to fail, if you have no purpose.
A coworker is going to steal one of your best ideas and claim it as his own.  That's about what you should expect, though, from a cow "orker".
Remember: it usually helps convince everyone you are right, if you jump up and down and yell.
Good week to greet everyone with great enthusiasm.  For example, "Bob!  You're still alive!" (Everyone likes to feel appreciated.)
This week you will angrily tell someone that you are more than just a name and a number!  You are also punctuation!
What you are about to do is wrong.  Of course, you will only find that out much later.  For now, enjoy yourself!
Good time to invest in flowers and a card.  Sometimes no occasion is the best occasion.  Just like sometimes no disfiguring disease is the best disfiguring disease, I guess.
Your slogan for the week should be "Carpe Dium", or "Sieze the Day!".  Once you sieze it, give it a good shake, just to prove you mean business.
This week, you are the bug and everyone else is the really huge shoe.  Your objective: don't be noticed.
You will soon accidentally discover why it is that so many things "taste like chicken".  It's because they <i>ARE</i> chickens, in clever disguises.
Good time to consider capitalizing on the wave of 70's nostalgia that is sweeping the land.  Why not try making shag carpeting?  At least you should sit around in your beanbag chairs and discuss it.
You are at a turning point in your life.  Turn left.
Excellent time to do some personal reengineering.  I mean, face it - your mother simply wasn't much of an engineer...
Someone will ask you what you want to do this weekend.  That may seem like a good time to say "What am I, psychic?" It's not, though.
This week you will feel like corn.  Just not like having any.
Someone who you really dislike, who is arrogance personified...will be nice to you.  This is a good time to be afraid.
Drip, drip, drip.  Dunno.  Something like that will be in your life, soon.  I'll bet it's something good!
Good time to wear WAY too much cologne.  Well actually, that's generally not a problem for people who wear cologne.  Usually, they have no sense of smell.  (Oh come on - you think they'd do that on purpose??)
Time to commit some random acts of kindness.  I have developed an algorithm for this.  The next time someone asks you for a quarter (or any small coin), take one out of your pocket, and toss it in the air.  Heads, give it to them.  Tails, put it back in your pocket, and tell them you haven't got any.  Or whatever - remember, the important thing is to be RANDOM.
Your main problem?  You're not eating NEARLY enough strudel.
You've been finding that the best-laid plans of mice and men often go astray.  Or is that awry?  Awiggly?  It's something along those lines.  Anyway, the thing to do is to fire your mice.
Someone you don't like will make repeated attempts to talk to you today.  The best way to handle this is to stuff extremely crunchy food in your mouth during each attempt, and then mumble "What?" while looking at something slightly over their left shoulder.
This week will find you explaining gender roles to the clueless.  For example, men MUST continue to channel surf on the TV, no matter how interesting the show is that they stumble onto.  Women must watch what shows up on the channel they're watching, no matter how boring it is.  It's just how these things are done.  Women commit and regret it.  Men don't commit and regret it.  It's in our genes.  Some kind of adenine/guanine/trampoline chemical thingie.
Good time to be logical and willing to admit error.  This will amaze and confuse everyone, and some of them will be so flustered that they'll try it themselves.  Just don't keep it up for too long - you might get "stuck" like that, and go through the rest of your life like some kind of freak!
This may be a good time to take up squid farming.  Provided that you can figure out what type of hat to wear, that is.
You will tend towards simplicity in your life.  The Voluntary Simplicity movement has been gathering momentum lately, so you'll have plenty of company.  And heck, who cares if it's "voluntary", right?
You've always felt, like Socrates, that the unexamined life is not worth living.  There's no need to use a microscope, however.
You will find that it is true - everything is better with the addition of either chocolate or garlic (but not both).  Well, except for running shoes, that is.
In a strange turn of events, it will turn out that people wearing glasses not only look smarter, they ARE smarter (and have better memories).  You'll forget all about that when you take off your reading glasses, of course.
Good time to invest in collectible things you never had any use for.  Susan B.  Anthony dollars may make a good start.  (Unlike your usual investments, the value of those can only plummet so far...)
Your requests are being ignored.  Often you can get people to pay attention by simply adding a few words to the end of your request, such as "Pick up your socks, dear, or die screaming."
Good time to get involved in the Fiber Arts.  Why not see what you can do with Metamucil?
It's about time you became better acquainted with mustard.  Get yourself 7 different kinds of mustard, and try them with oven baked home fried potatoes, or in sandwiches with good bread and fresh vegetables and some excellent Swiss cheese.  My granddaddy Stonebender always used to say "Take a big enough bite of strong mustard, and your other problems will seem insignificant."
Someone will turn a cold shoulder to you, and your feelings will be hurt.  You'll get even by turning a tepid elbow to them, later.  Just don't let it escalate to the blazing ankles stage, is all.
Soon you will find yourself at another dull party, where the only person you know is who you came with.  You'll need to use Tip #39 of my book "101 Ways To Break The Ice": Ask someone who they are, after introducing yourself.  When they say their name, repeat it back to them as "YOU'RE Bill Smith???" "Uh, yes" "Well, you sure can't believe everything you hear, can you?" "What do you mean?" "Well, it's just that you don't look at ALL like a weasel, you know?  Or at least, hardly at all."
You will accidentally step on someone's foot, and they will say "Ow!".  That's when I usually say "No pain, no gain." Sometimes people don't like me.  I've never figured out why.
You will go to a wedding soon, at which you will be uncomfortable.  You'll have fun throwing rice, though.  In fact, chances are good that you'll take up rice throwing as a hobby.  "It's not just for weddings any more," you'll say.
In a strange form of protest against the new trends in personal adornment, you will make mooing sounds whenever you see someone with a nose ring.  Coincidentally, some of them will say "Hay!"
Nothing ventured, nothing gained, is the rule for now.  In fact, "nothing" will play a very large part in your future.
Good time to become involved in a secret plot to overthrow someone or something.  Personally, I think your best bet is to start small.  You can pick up some tips in "Overthrowing Things For Fun And Profit" by Kwan No, M.D., Ph.D.
Something is about to become overly intimate with you.  Intimacy can be good.  Just not with fungus.
You've been trying to sell your car, and it just isn't going anywhere.  Sometimes it helps if you have a name for your vehicle, to give it more character.  I call mine the "Millenium Falcon".  My passengers often become irritated at being called "Chewie", though.
You will discover a small flaw in your character.  Meditation and Ginseng tea might clear it up.  Or if not that, then a few gallons of cheap wine and an adventure involving a cart filled with garbage, some gold coins, and a goat.
It will occur to you that there may be something behind the heroic and daring exploits of people in commercials for snack foods.  You are absolutely right - in fact, snack foods can be dangerous if over-indulged in.  I once wrestled a giant anaconda after downing a bag of Ranch flavored potato chips and a Hostess HoHo.
Good time to compliment your friends.  If you can't think of anything else to say, tell them they're looking "very buff".  That will leave them pleased, but slightly uneasy, and they'll spend a lot of time looking in the mirror.
As a joke, you should put an 8-foot-tall mucous-covered "egg" in your friend's basement.  Then, when he or she goes down to do a load of laundry...
Someone will ask you for your advice.  Don't give it!  Or if they insist, simply shake your head solemnly, and mutter "Much bad juju", and refuse to clarify.  They only want a scapegoat.
This is a good time to get out there and make a difference!  I'm often tempted to do that, but I just can't figure out where "there" is -- every time I get there, it's here.  Maybe if I run really fast?  Oh well, if you figure it out, be sure to make a difference.
Someone will tell you that you "run funny".  Just ignore them.  (And be very glad they didn't see you throwing a baseball.)
You've been getting tired of the same old "look", day after day.  Maybe you should get a tattoo?  I'll bet people with tattoos never get tired of 'em!
You will spend this week trying to get to the bottom of things.  The good news is, you will succeed!  The bad news is, the bottom of things is sometimes ugly, and often smells bad.
Noticing a picture on a colleague's desk, you will comment "I've never cared for those hairless cats".  That might not be a good thing to say.  Newborns can be a bit blotchy, and new parents can be a bit touchy...
You will come up with a theory about people - that you can learn a lot about them, simply by removing the first letter of their name.  For example, Ron -> On.  That's why I'm on-line.  That also explains why Hugh acts so primitive, sometimes.  And if I were you, I'd avoid Alice.
You will discover a secret about the Spice Girls - most of them can't tell Cumin from Coriander.  In fact, some of them are vague about whether Black and Red Pepper come from different types of plants.  You will quite sensibly decide to avoid going to their place for dinner.
Unknown to you, people think you are a wimp - just because of your weak handshake.  You need to get one of those hand exercisers, and use it constantly for a few months.  Then, crush their little hands into pulp!
You will invent a new type of lingerie, and will make millions.  The stripes are the key to your success.  You will call it "Ze Bra".
Those spiders are growing larger around your house, and it's becoming more of a challenge to escape.  You may want to consider acquiring a flame thrower.  (Hint: illicit nuclear dump nearby.)
What fun!  You'll be called in to a special meeting at work soon, where someone will have a "pink slip".  Sounds like party attire to me!
Bad news: people think you're becoming paranoid.  Isn't that just typical, though?  I mean, they don't even HAVE invisible malevolent air-squids spying on THEM, do they?
Things haven't been going well for you lately, and you're sinking into a fairly ugly bit of self-pity.  You merely need to count your blessings!  (1) You've got a tremendous talent, which some day may be in demand, (2) You're almost normal -- LOTS of people have extra appendages, (3)...
It's about time you learned some more recipes dealing with zucchini.  Lots and lots of zucchini.  You'll need one of those new Martha Stewart "Kitchen Shovels", I'm afraid.  The good news is, you'll find several nice zucchini recipes in my new cookbook "Recipes For Disaster" (the sequel to "Another Fine Mess").
The currency crisis in Russia will continue to trouble you.  The next time you have a dream in which you are told by your old Uncle Max to invest all your money in a canned borsht factory in Leningrad, you might stop to consider the alternatives.  I hear that mutual funds can be nice, for example.
Soon you will gain experience with the miracle of birth.  It will be somehow associated with the miracle of elevators, and probably also to the miracle of screaming.
Someone will ask you if you like Swing music.  That's when you'll have to be a bit creative, if you don't want to look ignorant.  I generally shrug and say "I don't know - I don't really spend that much time on the porch."
Work has been stressful for you lately, and you're not likely to see much change for the better unless you take matters into your own hands.  This is a situation that calls for subtle guerilla tactics.  Your best bet is to get up really early, and bake fresh cinnamon rolls to bring to work.  Studies show that it's really, really hard to dislike someone who gives you a fresh homemade cinnamon roll.  Career advancement never tasted so good!
This would be an opportune time to embarrass your relatives.  There are many ways to accomplish this, of course, but my personal favorite is also one of the easiest to do: dress funny.
Your path divides soon.  On the one hand lies potato salad, followed by severe pain, thrashing about, seizures, and a horrible death.  On the other hand lies Cole slaw.  It's a pity that you don't like Cole slaw.
You will discover a causative link between politics and food.  While the liberalizing action of granola has long been commented upon, and the patriotism-enhancing qualities of apple pie are well established by now, you will go further.  In fact, you will discover several other links.  Fiscal Conservatism?  Tuna Hot Dish.  Reactionary Bible-thumping?  Grits.  Idealism?  Pizza with artichokes.  You'll even (eventually) uncover the link between saturated fat and Rush Limbaugh!
You will become fascinated by the unlikely use of the same word to mean very different things.  For example, what is the link between "seasons" as changes in the weather and "seasons" as in what you do to food?  Or for that matter, why are Fall and Spring named for action verbs, and not Summer and Winter?  Shouldn't those be called something like Wiggle and Shiver?
Excellent time for you to reconsider your choice of employment.  Are you working towards a specific goal, or are you merely drifting?  Are you temperamentally suited to your current career?  Remember: money isn't everything.  It could well be that you'd be much happier in a job where you could dress up as a giant chicken.  In fact, in your case, that's virtually certain.
Summer is almost over, and you know what that means: office supplies!  Any reputable biologist will tell you that we humans have a powerful biological urge to buy office supplies when the weather turns cooler.  Many societies disguise this by using the "back to school" euphemism.  In your case, you should give in to your natural tendencies - fighting isn't healthy.
This is a good time to buy an electric bass guitar, and take lessons.  You'll meet some interesting people that way.  (Many more than if, for example, you were to buy an electric trout guitar.)
You will attempt to single-handedly bring the "Spaghetti Western" back from obscurity.  Your first film will be "A Fistful of Noodles", in which an aging Clint Eastwood rides into town.  This time, however, he will resolve the differences between the Baxters and the Rojos by inviting them all over for a nice pasta dinner.
Office politics will be pretty intense for a while, and you'll have to be careful.  Whenever you go to the water cooler, be sure to carry a flag of truce.  Remember though: in the long term, a policy of appeasement almost never works.
A friend will tell you that he's been born again.  You should probably avoid asking if he's breast feeding or on formula.  People can be touchy about that.  Also, expect him to be cranky before naptime.
You will figure out how to avoid your enemies, much to their bafflement.  Basically, if you're walking along and the background music changes to a kind of eerie theme, and the volume begins to increase...turn around and go the other way.  Simple, huh?
As a public service, you will start a new company in your spare time, to help people who have been in accidents.  All you will do is send official-looking letters off to their mothers, claiming that the condition of their underwear was "excellent" at the time of the accident, as determined by qualified emergency medical professionals.  As you know, mothers are often quite worried about underwear.
What you need, mainly, is computerized shoes.  Try to get the ones with the built-in serial port, so you can download a different average speed and average daily distance, to impress people.  And you might as well get the ambient temperature readout, GPS, and pager options while you're at it.
You'll end up at an incredibly boring social function, soon.  Sometimes you can liven these things up a bit by simply bringing along and releasing a few live scorpions, however.
You will invent an automated diaper changing device that looks a bit like a large mechanical squid.  Parents will love them, but you'll need to do plenty of advertising before passers-by stop "rescuing" babies and beating the crap out of the machines.  (Literally.)
What is freedom?  Is there a difference between an infinitely long leash, and no leash at all?  You'll discover the answer to that at work this week, when you get "the yank".
A lot of people still do "spring cleaning", but only a few families have preserved the tradition of "fall dirtying".  Fortunately for you, your father always insists the old ways are better, and you'll get to have some fun.
They say that a dog is a man's best friend.  Oddly, that's only true in some European-derived cultures.  In sub-Saharan Africa, for example, man's best friend is a blue-tongued skink.  They just have a heck of a lot more trouble fetching the paper.  You may find your own type of best friend, soon.
Some types of pest control are best handled by professionals.  And if you don't act soon, it will end up costing far more money.  Still, it's embarrassing when the neighbors see a man in coveralls step out of the van with a huge plastic dead lawyer on top, and walk into <i>your</i> house carrying the spray tank.  It's hard to pretend they're just spraying for roaches...
You've been secretly considering joining a support group for people with your affliction.  That is a good idea, but you'll never do it if you don't work up to it gradually.  A good place to start might be to subscribe to a magazine on the topic, such as "Nose Bleeders Quarterly" or "The Nose Troubles Times".
This is a good time to invest in collectable things.  Susan B.  Anthony dollars make a good start (they can only plummet so far, after you invest in them, unlike your normal investments).
You will join a team, and have lots of fun.  I'm not sure what sport it is, but the team name will be "The Screaming Weasels".
You will vow to always tell the truth, but it will backfire on you.  Most people find that kind of behavior highly suspicious, and more than a little deviant.
You know that how you dress will invevitably send a message to those around you.  In this case, your message is "Help!  Help!"
Bide your time, and don't do anything rash or in anger.  Remember: Revenge is a dish best served cold, with a light bearnaise sauce.
If you keep going the way you are, you'll soon be fit as a fiddle!  (And as you know, a fiddle is very buff, for a stringed instrument.)
You will find that if you deliberately mispronounce "sir" as "sair", you can answer a lot of questions with either "yes air" or "nose hair".
Ever had one of those times when you ask someone "What are the crunchy things in the oatmeal?" and they say "Crunchy things?" Soon, you will.
You will soon need to look older than you actually are.  Bushy eyebrows generally do the trick.  You'll find that a little rubber cement and a pair of sleepy hamsters are just what you need.
This may be a good time to take up squid farming.  If you can figure out what kind of hat to wear, that is.
You've always felt, like Emerson, that the unexaminged life is not worth living.  There's no need to use a microscope, however.
You will find that it is true - every thing is better with the addition of either chocolate or garlic.  Well, except for running shoes, of course.
In a strange turn of events, it will turn out that people wearing glasses not only look smarter, they ARE smarter.  You'll forget all about this when you take your reading glasses off, however.
Soon you will get into accounting, "just for the thrill of it".
This is a good time to start becoming a connosieur.  You have to take that one thing at a time, though - e.g.  nobody is going to become a wine connosier overnight.  Start with something that's fun to say.  Pumpernickel, for example.
You will come across a matchbook that will change your life.  Inside the cover it will say "You too can be a criminal mastermind!"
Tomorrow when you wake up, you'll make an unpleasant discovery.  Sometime during the night, you'll have been visited by the nostril hair fairy.
You're having trouble getting your elderly relatives to pay attention to you.  Have you tried talking with a Scandinavian accent and using a soap bubble machine?  That, and accordion music, always do the trick for me.
It's time for you to consider being kinder to your feet.  And stop taking them for granted!  For example, when's the last time you sat down and had a nice friendly chat with them?  Do it today!
This might be a good time to decide what you want to be when you actually do grow up.  I'm guessing that you'd be best off as either a yodeling oceanographer, or possibly a bovine pathologist.
Today will be especially trying, and if you're not careful, you could end up in a pretty grumpy frame of mind.  Take precautions!  Wear your E.T.  underwear.
This might be a good time to refer to your roommate as "Watson" and say things like "The game's afoot!".  Eventually, you'll be able to reconstruct an entire evening's events from a spilled drop of raspberry vinaigrette.
You're about to spend a considerable amount of time with someone who personifies "dour".  The kind of person who never once clapped for Tinkerbell, even as a child.  Just ignore them, if you can.  If you can't ignore them, pretend they are a duck.
You've got to learn to slow down.  You're driving yourself and everyone around you crazy.  Just pretend that your life is a Prince Valiant comic strip.
Due to forces beyond comprehension, you will begin talking with a Texas accent.  Eventually, you'll come out with audio tapes to teach this to others, which you will call "Bubba-Bonics".
You will write some office email soon that positively sparkles with comic irony.  You'll be asked to knock it off.
Later this week you'll feel much like Scarlet O'Hara did, when she said, "I'll never be hungry again!"
You'll become part of the Formal Attire Resurgence movement.  Be wary of the Casualist Party though - there's someone out there just dying to spit on your spats.
Your concern about the International Space Station may not be one that NASA has considered, despite how obvious it seems to you.  I'd go ahead and send them a note: "Never serve beans in space."
You are about to get yourself into a bit of a jam.  Strawberry, I think.
You need to stop leaving things to chance.  Specifically, when dating, consider what your date does and doesn't like.  In my case, whenever my wife orders a sandwich, I get her dill pickle.  If you play your cards right, you may do even better!
You find yourself getting a trifle flabby, in a spiritual sense.  Just a few dozen reps of positive affirmations each morning, though, and before you know it, you'll be very buff - theologically speaking.
One part of you really wants something, and another part of you wants to wait.  It's quite normal, actually, to have these little internal arguments.  Just don't let it escalate into a fist fight.
If you don't start relaxing a bit before lunch, you're going to develop a close cousin to IBS (irritable bowel syndrome) -- the dreaded Disgruntled Stomache.
It's nice that you've made good friends that you feel comfortable with.  You might be getting a trifle TOO comfy, though - or you wouldn't keep nodding off while talking with them.
If you want someone to change, it's often good to give them a painful option and a less painful option, and let them choose their own course.  For example, "Do you want to pick up you own wet towel, dear, or would you like to have a live weasel stapled to your leg?"
Confucious said "Choose a job you love, and you'll never work a day in your life." Confucious was a Harvard man, you know, with a huge trust fund.  He certainly never "worked" a day, himself.  I wouldn't take what he said too literally, in your case.
Remember that those who do not learn from history are doomed to repeat it.  Normally that's not a big deal, but since your accounting department just changed its name to "The Mongol Horde", you might take notice.
You need to do something about that nervous laugh.  Practice an "evil laugh" and use that instead.  Then at least, you'll be able to hear everyone else's nervous laughter.
Life is beginning to bet a bit stale, isn't it?  Whenever that happens to me, I concoct some sort of prune-related recipe and send it off to the food editor of the local daily.  You might give that a try.
This is a good time to remember Einstein's advice, to make things as simple as possible, but no simpler.  That applies both to theoretical physics, and in your case, to dinner.
Try to praise in public and criticize in private.  Just never, ever, criticize privates.
Remember - every cloud has a silver lining, and every problem is an opportunity in disguise.  So next time you see a problem, just imagine it without the fake nose and glasses.
It's time to start setting higher goals.  Don't get stuff to make a salad and then let it rot in the fridge.  Get stuff to make several salads, and start your own compost pile!
You need to stop accepting responsibility for your own life.  Everything is actually the fault of that darned liberal media, you know.  You'd be nearly perfect, or at least much thinner, if it wasn't for them.
Pinch your pennies, this week.  Next week: fondling your nickels.
You need to be a bit more brusque, to cut down on your interruptions.  Stay just this side of gruff, however - and make sure you don't stray into crustyness.
You will finally begin your novel!  This is very good, since if you'd decided to write a screen play, you would have had to move to California and drive a taxi.
You will mosey, this week.  There's nothing that wrong with moseying, after all, and it's occasionally just what is needed.  In fact, you'll soon begin work on "Mosey Your Way To Fitness", a best-selling self-help book on the topic.
Remember: good people are good because they gain wisdom through failure.  Happily, there's every reason to believe you'll become much better soon!
Ian McHarg once said, "Man is a blind, witless, anthropocentric clod who inflicts lesions upon the earth." You will come up with a brilliant rebuttal to this, soon.  You will say: "So?"
You find that after all these years, you are finally beginning to conquer your fears.  You will find that oddly frightening.
You will finally come to understand what Mies Van der Rohe was talking about when he said "Less is more." He was talking about his brother, Lester Van der Rohe, and was referring to a small weight-gain problem.
You, for one, have just about had it with all this "Globalization".  Time to go on a diet!
Why did life develop in this fragile boundary between earth and sky?  Because life exists at the edge of chaos.  You'll find that is particularly true, this week.
To your chagrin and horror, you will find yourself humming along with "muzac" in the grocery store.  It's the beginning of the long slow slide, I'm afraid.  Next stop: collecting "nick nacks".
This week, try to live your life based on the ad copy of a men's cologne.  For example: "The mood of the sea, and the spirit of the wind" (Cool Water, by Davidoff) Or perhaps: "Disturb the equilibrium" (Catalyst for Men, by Halston)
You may have to share a hotel room with a business colleague, to save travel expenses.  Here's a tip to keep them from talking all night: bring along a teddy bear, and punch it really hard in the head a few times at bedtime, screaming "Shut up, Mr.  Teddy!  Shut up!".
Soon, through no fault of your own, you will catch someone underlining words in a library book.  It's just one of those signs, you know?  Before the Apocalypse.
This is a good time for you to start your on-line loan shark business.  Start small, though.  Try to be sort of a "loan piranha", at first.
You should look into some of that new "dream interpretation" software.  That recurring dream about being naked in a hot tub with the Pope and Bill Gates is probably a really common one.
Time to start looking for a new car.  Try to find one with more personality, this time!  (And less of a sense of humor.)
Good time to get your finances in order.  Luckily, in your case that simply means putting the one dollar bills in front of the fives, in your wallet.
Your next fortune cookie will say "See?  We told you it taste like chicken!"
Remember: you can't tell your boss to get lost.  You can, however, give him the wrong directions.
You'll need to sign some important papers soon.  Remember the words of Tom Waitts in this case "The big print giveth and the small print taketh away."
It's a good idea to take up a new hobby, if you want to make yourself a more interesting person at parties.  In your case, I recommend welding.
You will accidentally overhear scientists telling each other jokes.  Surprisingly, the one that starts "So, a bilaterally symmetrical eumetazoan walks into a bar" will be really funny.  (I won't spoil it for you here.)
It's time to take up indoor gardening.  It's quite fun, and you can grow a lot of stuff in a little space.  Be considerate though - I can tell you from personal experience that it's best to run the tractor when your spouse isn't around.
You will come up with an idea for cutting down on the customer service calls that your company gets.  Unfortunately, there just aren't enough people with Tourette Syndrome available for hire.
You will discover proof that Sports Utility Vehicles are tangible evidence of Evil.  Sadly, others will fail to heed your warnings.
You've been thinking about stealing, to support your phonics habit.  It's time for you to seek professional help.
It's good that you're taking the whole "waffle resurgence" seriously.  There's no reason to brag about your waffles per hour cooking capacity, however.  (If you can't talk waffles per minute, nobody is likely to be very impressed.)
You should learn something from your cat -- no matter what you've done wrong, you can always try to make it look like the dog did it.
You will become trapped in an elevator with the local Christian Karaoke Club.  Look on the bright side - as with many hostage situations, you may end up getting a television mini-series out of it.
After an exciting trip to Jackson Hole, Wyoming, you'll come up with a secret plan that will occupy you for many years to come.  Yes - your very own Hole.
Your parents think your motorcycle is too dangerous, but that's OK.  Let's just hope they don't find out that you've been jumping it over the shark tank.
Another one of those excrutiatingly boring meetings today.  Try to liven things up by summoning one of the people back from the dead.
It's time to get a new perspective on your job.  Try to think of work as a great big funhouse.  Just without the fun.
You're fussing with your hair too much.  Perhaps you should temporarily cut back on shampoo.  Or at least demand real poo.
You just need to start believing in yourself.  Try getting other people to clap their hands, if they believe in you.
This may be a little late, but heck, late is better than never.  You know when they said to shop naked?  They meant shopping on-line...
You are being followed by fierce warriers of the Nez Perce tribe.  You know - those guys with the little frameless glasses on the chains around their necks?  Not surprisingly, many of the Nez Perce became fierce librarians.
Everyone's talking about Nostradamus these days, but nobody ever remembers his first name.  Except you.  People may think it's pretentious of you to talk about "Bob Nostradamus", but who cares?  They'll all die when the comet hits, anyway.
You should give your car a name, so people will be more impressed when you give them a ride.  I think you should call yours "The Federation Starship Intrepid".  And always do that little two-finger wave and say "engage", when you start off, of course.
Your window of opportunity is rapidly closing!  Don't worry too much, though - the screen door of possibility is still ajar.
That new employee seems honest, and is a really hard worker - so who cares if she wants to wear a studded dog collar?  You'll have to draw the line at butt sniffing, though.
Relationships are a lot like tables.  One leg is love, one is trust, one is shared pleasures, and one is shared dreams.  Lasting relationships need all four legs for balance, to hold up the burden of your troubles.  In your case, though, you'll never get rid of that irritating wobble.
Lately you feel blessed with great abundance, as though your cup runneth over.  Basically, you just need a bigger cup.
You're getting a little carried away with the idea of selling banner ads to make extra cash.  On the other hand, a totally bare forehead is a bit of a waste of space...
You need to get more exercise, but can't tear yourself away from the computer.  Do what I do: glue your keyboard to the ceiling, and get yourself a mini-trampoline!
It will irritate you that nobody you meet any more has a "normal" name.  Everyone is a "Darius", or a "Baxter", or a "Kyle".  Just to be ornery, you will change your name to "Xnarp".
Your sudden fascination with podiatry is nothing to worry about, and should fade with time.  Eventually, the only remaining evidence will be your usual telephone greeting: "Hello, how are your feet?"
Time to start a new fashion trend.  Look at it this way: there had to be a first person to wear a necktie, didn't there?  Today, every western man has to wear one to dress well.  You can almost certainly do better - you probably aren't a deranged masochist with choking fantasies!
You'll have a brilliant idea, but nobody will take you seriously.  You should be able to will them over with pure logic, however.  There must be millions of bonsai enthusiasts out there - how many of them wouldn't want an itsy bitsy chainsaw?  Maybe if you start off with the little teensy shovel and wheelbarrow?
Good time to start work on that screenplay.  It won't sell, of course, but there's nothing like trying something new to find out how much harder it is than it looks.  Of course, any parent can tell you that.
You will have another nasty insect bite episode, I'm afraid.  In this case, though, you will at least know what bit you.  Hard to miss something that size.
Soon, your cup will runneth over.  Then you'll have to moppeth it up.
